@c Define the class index, method index, and selector cross-reference
@ifclear CLASS-INDICES
@set CLASS-INDICES
@defindex cl
@defcodeindex me
@defcodeindex sl 
@end ifclear

@c These are used for both TeX and HTML
@set BEFORE1
@set  AFTER1
@set BEFORE2
@set  AFTER2

@ifinfo
@c Use asis so that leading and trailing spaces are meaningful.
@c Remember we're inside a @menu command, hence the blanks are
@c kept in the output.
@set BEFORE1 @asis{* }
@set  AFTER1 @asis{::}
@set BEFORE2 @asis{  (}
@set  AFTER2 @asis{)}
@end ifinfo

@macro class {a,b}
@value{BEFORE1}\a\\a\@b{\b\}@value{AFTER1}
@end macro
@macro superclass {a,b}
\a\\a\@value{BEFORE2}@i{\b\}@value{AFTER2}
@end macro

@ifnotinfo
@macro begindetailmenu
@display
@end macro
@macro enddetailmenu
@end display
@end macro
@end ifnotinfo

@ifinfo
@macro begindetailmenu
@detailmenu
@end macro
@macro enddetailmenu
@end detailmenu
@end macro
@end ifinfo

@iftex
@macro beginmenu
@end macro
@macro endmenu
@end macro
@end iftex

@ifnottex
@macro beginmenu
@menu
@end macro
@macro endmenu
@end menu
@end macro
@end ifnottex

@beginmenu
@ifnottex
Alphabetic list:
* Iliad.IdentityBag::
* Iliad.ILAction::
* Iliad.ILActionRegistry::
* Iliad.ILAnchorElement::
* Iliad.ILAnswerHandler::
* Iliad.ILAppendDelegator::
* Iliad.ILApplication::
* Iliad.ILApplicationHandler::
* Iliad.ILAreaElement::
* Iliad.ILAttributeError::
* Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood::
* Iliad.ILBodyElement::
* Iliad.ILBreakElement::
* Iliad.ILBuildable::
* Iliad.ILButtonElement::
* Iliad.ILCheckboxElement::
* Iliad.ILClosingElement::
* Iliad.ILComposite::
* Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement::
* Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget::
* Iliad.ILContext::
* Iliad.ILCookie::
* Iliad.ILCurrentBuildable::
* Iliad.ILCurrentContext::
* Iliad.ILDecorator::
* Iliad.ILDelegator::
* Iliad.ILDirectionElement::
* Iliad.ILDirectory::
* Iliad.ILDiskDirectory::
* Iliad.ILDispatcher::
* Iliad.ILDispatchError::
* Iliad.ILDivElement::
* Iliad.ILDynamicVariable::
* Iliad.ILElement::
* Iliad.ILElementError::
* Iliad.ILEncoder::
* Iliad.ILErrorHandler::
* Iliad.ILFieldsetElement::
* Iliad.ILFileHandler::
* Iliad.ILFileProxy::
* Iliad.ILFormElement::
* Iliad.ILFormElementElement::
* Iliad.ILHeadElement::
* Iliad.ILHeadingElement::
* Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement::
* Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement::
* Iliad.ILHtmlElement::
* Iliad.ILHTMLPage::
* Iliad.ILId::
* Iliad.ILImageElement::
* Iliad.ILInformationWidget::
* Iliad.ILInputElement::
* Iliad.ILJson::
* Iliad.ILJsonHandler::
* Iliad.ILJsonObject::
* Iliad.ILJsonSyntaxError::
* Iliad.ILLabelElement::
* Iliad.ILLegendElement::
* Iliad.ILLinkableElement::
* Iliad.ILLinkElement::
* Iliad.ILListElement::
* Iliad.ILListItemElement::
* Iliad.ILMapElement::
* Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory::
* Iliad.ILMetaElement::
* Iliad.ILModelProxy::
* Iliad.ILNotFoundHandler::
* Iliad.ILObject::
* Iliad.ILObjectElement::
* Iliad.ILOptionElement::
* Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement::
* Iliad.ILParagraphElement::
* Iliad.ILParameterElement::
* Iliad.ILPluggableWidget::
* Iliad.ILPrependDelegator::
* Iliad.ILProfiler::
* Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement::
* Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement::
* Iliad.ILRedirectHandler::
* Iliad.ILRequest::
* Iliad.ILRequestHandler::
* Iliad.ILResponse::
* Iliad.ILResponseNotification::
* Iliad.ILRoute::
* Iliad.ILRouter::
* Iliad.ILRubyTextElement::
* Iliad.ILScriptElement::
* Iliad.ILSelectElement::
* Iliad.ILSequence::
* Iliad.ILSession::
* Iliad.ILSessionManager::
* Iliad.ILSpanElement::
* Iliad.ILStateRegistry::
* Iliad.ILTableBodyElement::
* Iliad.ILTableCellElement::
* Iliad.ILTableDataElement::
* Iliad.ILTableElement::
* Iliad.ILTableElementElement::
* Iliad.ILTableFootElement::
* Iliad.ILTableHeadElement::
* Iliad.ILTableHeaderElement::
* Iliad.ILTableRowElement::
* Iliad.ILTextAreaElement::
* Iliad.ILTextElement::
* Iliad.ILTitleElement::
* Iliad.ILUrl::
* Iliad.ILUrlBuilder::
* Iliad.ILWidget::
* Iliad.ILXmlElement::
@end ifnottex

@ifinfo
Class tree:
@end ifinfo
@iftex
@section Tree
@end iftex
@ifnotinfo

Classes documented in this manual are @b{boldfaced}.

@end ifnotinfo
@begindetailmenu
@superclass{@t{}, Object}
@superclass{@t{ }, Exception}
@superclass{@t{  }, Error}
@superclass{@t{   }, Grease.Grease.GRError}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILAttributeError}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILDispatchError}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILElementError}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILJsonSyntaxError}
@superclass{@t{  }, Notification}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILResponseNotification}
@superclass{@t{ }, Grease.Grease.GRObject}
@class{@t{  }, Iliad.ILObject}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILAction}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILActionRegistry}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILBuildable}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILApplication}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILDecorator}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILAnswerHandler}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILDelegator}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILAppendDelegator}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILPrependDelegator}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILProfiler}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILHTMLPage}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILWidget}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILInformationWidget}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILPluggableWidget}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILSequence}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILComposite}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILElement}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILBodyElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILClosingElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILAreaElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILBreakElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILImageElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILMetaElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILParameterElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILDirectionElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILDivElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILFieldsetElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILFormElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILFormElementElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILButtonElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILCheckboxElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILInputElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILSelectElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILTextAreaElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILHeadElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILHeadingElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILHtmlElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILLabelElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILLegendElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILLinkableElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILAnchorElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILLinkElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILListElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILListItemElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILMapElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILObjectElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILOptionElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILParagraphElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILRubyTextElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILScriptElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILSpanElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILTableElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILTableElementElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILTableBodyElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILTableCellElement}
@class{@t{        }, Iliad.ILTableDataElement}
@class{@t{        }, Iliad.ILTableHeaderElement}
@class{@t{        }, Iliad.ILTableRowElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILTableFootElement}
@class{@t{       }, Iliad.ILTableHeadElement}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILTitleElement}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILTextElement}
@class{@t{     }, Iliad.ILXmlElement}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILContext}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILDirectory}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILDiskDirectory}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILDispatcher}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILJson}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILJsonObject}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILRequestHandler}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILApplicationHandler}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILErrorHandler}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILFileHandler}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILJsonHandler}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILNotFoundHandler}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.ILRedirectHandler}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILRoute}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILRouter}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILSession}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILSessionManager}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILStateRegistry}
@class{@t{   }, Iliad.ILUrlBuilder}
@class{@t{ }, Iliad.ILCookie}
@class{@t{ }, Iliad.ILDynamicVariable}
@class{@t{  }, Iliad.ILCurrentBuildable}
@class{@t{  }, Iliad.ILCurrentContext}
@class{@t{ }, Iliad.ILEncoder}
@class{@t{ }, Iliad.ILFileProxy}
@class{@t{ }, Iliad.ILModelProxy}
@class{@t{ }, Iliad.ILRequest}
@class{@t{ }, Iliad.ILResponse}
@class{@t{ }, Iliad.ILUrl}
@superclass{@t{ }, Iterable}
@superclass{@t{  }, Collection}
@superclass{@t{   }, Bag}
@class{@t{    }, Iliad.IdentityBag}
@superclass{@t{   }, SequenceableCollection}
@superclass{@t{    }, ArrayedCollection}
@superclass{@t{     }, ByteArray}
@class{@t{      }, Iliad.ILId}
@enddetailmenu
@endmenu
@unmacro class
@unmacro superclass
@unmacro endmenu
@unmacro beginmenu
@unmacro enddetailmenu
@unmacro begindetailmenu
@node Iliad.IdentityBag
@section Iliad.IdentityBag
@clindex Iliad.IdentityBag

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Bag
@itemx Category: 

@end table

@menu
@end menu

@node Iliad.ILAction
@section Iliad.ILAction
@clindex Iliad.ILAction

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Sessions

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILAction-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAction-converting::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAction-evaluating::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILAction-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILAction:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex block
@item block
Answer `block'.

@meindex block:@-
@item block:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex key
@item key
Answer `key'.

@meindex key:@-
@item key:@- anId
Not commented.

@meindex value
@item value
Answer `value'.

@meindex value:@-
@item value:@- anObject
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAction-converting
@subsection Iliad.ILAction:@- converting

@table @b
@meindex respondOn:@-
@item respondOn:@- aResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAction-evaluating
@subsection Iliad.ILAction:@- evaluating

@table @b
@meindex evaluate
@item evaluate
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILActionRegistry
@section Iliad.ILActionRegistry
@clindex Iliad.ILActionRegistry

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Sessions
I implement a registry of actions.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILActionRegistry-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILActionRegistry-actions::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILActionRegistry-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILActionRegistry:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex actionAt:@-
@item actionAt:@- aKey
Not commented.

@meindex actions
@item actions
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILActionRegistry-actions
@subsection Iliad.ILActionRegistry:@- actions

@table @b
@meindex evaluateActionKey:@-
@item evaluateActionKey:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex register:@-
@item register:@- anAction
Not commented.

@meindex unregister:@-
@item unregister:@- anAction
Not commented.

@meindex unregisterAllActions
@item unregisterAllActions
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILAnchorElement
@section Iliad.ILAnchorElement
@clindex Iliad.ILAnchorElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILLinkableElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILAnchorElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAnchorElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAnchorElement-accessing attributes-imagemap::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILAnchorElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILAnchorElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex action:@-
@item action:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex action:@-hash:@-
@item action:@- aBlock hash:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'a''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAnchorElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILAnchorElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex tabindex:@-
@item tabindex:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAnchorElement-accessing attributes-imagemap
@subsection Iliad.ILAnchorElement:@- accessing attributes-imagemap

@table @b
@meindex circleShape
@item circleShape
Not commented.

@meindex coords:@-
@item coords:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex defaultShape
@item defaultShape
Not commented.

@meindex polyShape
@item polyShape
Not commented.

@meindex rectShape
@item rectShape
Not commented.

@meindex shape:@-
@item shape:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILAnswerHandler
@section Iliad.ILAnswerHandler
@clindex Iliad.ILAnswerHandler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDecorator
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables
I am a special decorator for Widgets, used to handle widget answers. 
See #handleAnswer:@- and ILWidget>>show:@-onAnswer:@-
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILAnswerHandler-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAnswerHandler-decorations::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILAnswerHandler-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILAnswerHandler:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex action
@item action
Answer `action'.

@meindex action:@-
@item action:@- anAction
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAnswerHandler-decorations
@subsection Iliad.ILAnswerHandler:@- decorations

@table @b
@meindex handleAnswer:@-
@item handleAnswer:@- anAnswer
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILAppendDelegator
@section Iliad.ILAppendDelegator
@clindex Iliad.ILAppendDelegator

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDelegator
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILAppendDelegator-building::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILAppendDelegator-building
@subsection Iliad.ILAppendDelegator:@- building

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILApplication
@section Iliad.ILApplication
@clindex Iliad.ILApplication

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILBuildable
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables
I am the Iliad implementation of an application.

I am is the root object of a buildable object tree. Applications have a
set of controllers, methods used to dispatch requests to the corresponding 
sub-tree of buildable objects (oftenly a composition of stateful widgets).

In concrete subclasses, the class method #path should return the base path 
(string) for the application.


"""""""""""""""""""""""""""
" Applications & UI state "
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""

You don't have to bother about instantiating applications, the framework 
will handle session and application instances. Application instances are stored 
in sessions. Each session stores one instance of the same application class.

Root widgets should be stored in applications to keep their state across requests.


""""""""""""""""""""""
" Controller methods "
""""""""""""""""""""""

Like widgets, I am stateful.
Unlike widgets I know how to dispatch a request with #dispatch : 
the controller method corresponding to the url will be called.

Controller methods must:@-
 - answer a buildable object (a block closure or an instance of ILWidget for example).
 - be in the 'controllers' method protocol (with the default selector filter)

The default controller method is #index.


""""""""""""""""""
" selectorFilter "
""""""""""""""""""

The class inst var <selectorFilter> is used to filter controller methods. 
By default it allows all methods in the 'controllers' protocol.

Alternatively, you can override the class method #defaultSelectorFilter to supply 
your own selectorFilter or plug it in using the class method #selectorFilter:@-
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILApplication class-accessing::  (class)
* Iliad.ILApplication class-defaults::  (class)
* Iliad.ILApplication-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplication-building::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplication-controllers::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplication-converting::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplication-defaults::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplication-dispatching::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplication-redirecting::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplication-updating::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILApplication class-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication class:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex absolutePath
@item absolutePath
Not commented.

@meindex path
@item path
Base path of the application.
Override this method in concrete subclasses. 
It should return a string


@meindex selectorFilter
@item selectorFilter
Not commented.

@meindex selectorFilter:@-
@item selectorFilter:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication class-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication class:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex defaultSelectorFilter
@slindex selectorFilter:@-
@item defaultSelectorFilter
Override this method to supply your own selectorFilter
or plug it in using #selectorFilter:@-


@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex model
@item model
Answer `model'.

@meindex model:@-
@item model:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex page
@item page
Answer `page'.

@meindex selectorFilter
@item selectorFilter
Not commented.

@meindex widgetFor:@-
@item widgetFor:@- aBuildable
Convenience method. This is useful for building anonymous widgets.
ex:@- myWidget := self widgetFor:@- [:@-e | e h1:@- 'Hello world!']


@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication-building
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication:@- building

@table @b
@meindex buildContents
@slindex dispatch
@slindex dispatch
@item buildContents
Call #dispatch. A buildable is expected from #dispatch


@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication-controllers
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication:@- controllers

@table @b
@meindex index
@item index
default view method


@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication-converting
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication:@- converting

@table @b
@meindex respondOn:@-
@item respondOn:@- aResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex defaultPageClass
@item defaultPageClass
Answer `ILHTMLPage'.

@meindex rootElementClass
@item rootElementClass
Answer `ILHTMLBuilderElement'.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication-dispatching
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication:@- dispatching

@table @b
@meindex allowedSelector:@-
@item allowedSelector:@- aSelector
Answer true if <aSelector> is ok to call from a URL.
Default implementation is to use the pluggable filter block.


@meindex dispatch
@item dispatch
Dispatch to correct controller method.
If dispatchOverride returns something
different from nil, consider it handled.


@meindex dispatchOn:@-
@slindex index
@item dispatchOn:@- aMethod
Dispatch to correct method:@-
- If <aMethod> is empty we call #index
- If the selector is allowed to be executed then we just call it


@meindex dispatchOverride
@item dispatchOverride
Handle special urls. Subclass implementors
should call super first and see if it was handled.


@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication-redirecting
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication:@- redirecting

@table @b
@meindex respond:@-
@item respond:@- aBlock
Abort all other request handling


@meindex returnResponse:@-
@item returnResponse:@- aResponse
Abort all other request handling


@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplication-updating
@subsection Iliad.ILApplication:@- updating

@table @b
@meindex updateBaseUrl:@-
@item updateBaseUrl:@- anUrl
Answer the receiver.

@meindex updateFromRoute:@-
@item updateFromRoute:@- aRoute
Answer the receiver.

@meindex updatePage:@-
@item updatePage:@- aPage
Override to add elements to aPage.
super should always be called


@end table

@node Iliad.ILApplicationHandler
@section Iliad.ILApplicationHandler
@clindex Iliad.ILApplicationHandler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILRequestHandler
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILApplicationHandler-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplicationHandler-request handling::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplicationHandler-responding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILApplicationHandler-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILApplicationHandler-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILApplicationHandler:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplicationHandler-request handling
@subsection Iliad.ILApplicationHandler:@- request handling

@table @b
@meindex evaluateActions
@item evaluateActions
Not commented.

@meindex handleRequest
@item handleRequest
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplicationHandler-responding
@subsection Iliad.ILApplicationHandler:@- responding

@table @b
@meindex produceResponse
@item produceResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILApplicationHandler-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILApplicationHandler:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isRequestValid
@item isRequestValid
Not commented.

@meindex shouldRedirect
@item shouldRedirect
Not commented.

@meindex shouldRespondInJson
@item shouldRespondInJson
Not commented.

@meindex shouldReturnEmptyResponse
@item shouldReturnEmptyResponse
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILAreaElement
@section Iliad.ILAreaElement
@clindex Iliad.ILAreaElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILClosingElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILAreaElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAreaElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAreaElement-accessing attributes-imagemap::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILAreaElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILAreaElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'area''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAreaElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILAreaElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex accesskey:@-
@item accesskey:@- aCharacter
Not commented.

@meindex alt:@-
@item alt:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex href:@-
@item href:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex nohref
@item nohref
Not commented.

@meindex tabindex:@-
@item tabindex:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAreaElement-accessing attributes-imagemap
@subsection Iliad.ILAreaElement:@- accessing attributes-imagemap

@table @b
@meindex circleShape
@item circleShape
Not commented.

@meindex coords:@-
@item coords:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex defaultShape
@item defaultShape
Not commented.

@meindex polyShape
@item polyShape
Not commented.

@meindex rectShape
@item rectShape
Not commented.

@meindex shape:@-
@item shape:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILAttributeError
@section Iliad.ILAttributeError
@clindex Iliad.ILAttributeError

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Grease.Grease.GRError
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Elements

@end table

@menu
@end menu

@node Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood
@section Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood
@clindex Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Grease.Grease.GRError
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Elements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood-exceptionDescription::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex element:@-attribute:@-
@item element:@- anElement attribute:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex attribute
@item attribute
Answer `attribute'.

@meindex attribute:@-
@item attribute:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex element
@item element
Answer `element'.

@meindex element:@-
@item element:@- anElement
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood-exceptionDescription
@subsection Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood:@- exceptionDescription

@table @b
@meindex defaultAction
@item defaultAction
Answer the receiver.

@meindex isResumable
@item isResumable
Answer `true'.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILAttributeNotUnderstood:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex messageText
@item messageText
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILBodyElement
@section Iliad.ILBodyElement
@clindex Iliad.ILBodyElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILBodyElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILBodyElement-addessing attributes-events::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILBodyElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILBodyElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'body''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILBodyElement-addessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILBodyElement:@- addessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onLoad:@-
@item onLoad:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onUnload:@-
@item onUnload:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILBreakElement
@section Iliad.ILBreakElement
@clindex Iliad.ILBreakElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILClosingElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILBreakElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILBreakElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILBreakElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILBreakElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'br''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILBreakElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILBreakElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- event add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILBuildable
@section Iliad.ILBuildable
@clindex Iliad.ILBuildable

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables
I am an abstract buildable object. 
My subclasses must override #build method, which should return an instance of a subclass of Iliad.ILElement.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILBuildable-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILBuildable-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILBuildable-actions::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILBuildable-building::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILBuildable-converting::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILBuildable-printing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILBuildable-redirecting::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILBuildable-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILBuildable:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex children
@item children
Not commented.

@meindex router
@item router
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILBuildable-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILBuildable:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex attributeAt:@-
@item attributeAt:@- aSymbol
Not commented.

@meindex attributeAt:@-ifAbsentPut:@-
@item attributeAt:@- aSymbol ifAbsentPut:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex attributeAt:@-put:@-
@item attributeAt:@- aSymbol put:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex attributes
@item attributes
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILBuildable-actions
@subsection Iliad.ILBuildable:@- actions

@table @b
@meindex send:@-
@item send:@- aSymbol
Not commented.

@meindex send:@-to:@-
@item send:@- aSymbol to:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex send:@-to:@-arguments:@-
@item send:@- aSymbol to:@- anObject arguments:@- anArray
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILBuildable-building
@subsection Iliad.ILBuildable:@- building

@table @b
@meindex build
@item build
Not commented.

@meindex buildContents
@item buildContents
Override this method in subclasses.
It must answer an Element


@meindex buildOn:@-
@item buildOn:@- anElement
Not commented.

@meindex registerChild:@-
@item registerChild:@- aBuildable
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILBuildable-converting
@subsection Iliad.ILBuildable:@- converting

@table @b
@meindex respondOn:@-
@item respondOn:@- aResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILBuildable-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILBuildable:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printHtmlString
@item printHtmlString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILBuildable-redirecting
@subsection Iliad.ILBuildable:@- redirecting

@table @b
@meindex redirectTo:@-
@item redirectTo:@- anUrlString
Abort all other request handling.
Redirect to anUrlString


@meindex redirectToApplication:@-
@item redirectToApplication:@- aClass
Abort all other request handling.
Redirect to the index method of <aClass>


@meindex redirectToApplication:@-controller:@-
@item redirectToApplication:@- aClass controller:@- aString
Abort all other request handling.
Redirect to the controller named <aString> of <aClass>


@meindex redirectToCurrentController
@item redirectToCurrentController
Abort all other request handling.
Redirect to the current controller method


@meindex redirectToIndex
@item redirectToIndex
Abort all other request handling.
Redirect to the index method of this class


@meindex redirectToLocal:@-
@item redirectToLocal:@- aString
Abort all other request handling.
Make a redirection to another controller method in this application


@end table

@node Iliad.ILButtonElement
@section Iliad.ILButtonElement
@clindex Iliad.ILButtonElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILFormElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILButtonElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILButtonElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILButtonElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILButtonElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILButtonElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'button''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILButtonElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILButtonElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex beButton
@item beButton
Not commented.

@meindex beReset
@item beReset
Not commented.

@meindex beSubmit
@item beSubmit
Not commented.

@meindex type:@-
@item type:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex value:@-
@item value:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILButtonElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILButtonElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILCheckboxElement
@section Iliad.ILCheckboxElement
@clindex Iliad.ILCheckboxElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILFormElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILCheckboxElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILCheckboxElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILCheckboxElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILCheckboxElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILCheckboxElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'input''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILCheckboxElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILCheckboxElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex action:@-
@item action:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex beChecked
@item beChecked
Not commented.

@meindex checked:@-
@item checked:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILCheckboxElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILCheckboxElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex addHiddenInput
@item addHiddenInput
Not commented.

@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILClosingElement
@section Iliad.ILClosingElement
@clindex Iliad.ILClosingElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILClosingElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILClosingElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILClosingElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printHtmlOn:@-
@item printHtmlOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILComposite
@section Iliad.ILComposite
@clindex Iliad.ILComposite

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Utilities

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILComposite-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILComposite-adding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILComposite-comparing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILComposite-enumerating::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILComposite-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILComposite:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex children
@item children
Not commented.

@meindex next
@item next
Answer `next'.

@meindex next:@-
@item next:@- aComposite
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILComposite-adding
@subsection Iliad.ILComposite:@- adding

@table @b
@meindex add:@-
@item add:@- aComposite
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILComposite-comparing
@subsection Iliad.ILComposite:@- comparing

@table @b
@meindex =
@item = anObject
Not commented.

@meindex hash
@item hash
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILComposite-enumerating
@subsection Iliad.ILComposite:@- enumerating

@table @b
@meindex allChildrenDo:@-
@item allChildrenDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex childrenDo:@-
@item childrenDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement
@section Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement
@clindex Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement-conditions::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex conditions
@item conditions
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- event add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement-conditions
@subsection Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement:@- conditions

@table @b
@meindex gt
@item gt
Greater than


@meindex ie
@item ie
Not commented.

@meindex ie5
@item ie5
Not commented.

@meindex ie50
@item ie50
Not commented.

@meindex ie55
@item ie55
Not commented.

@meindex ie6
@item ie6
Not commented.

@meindex ie7
@item ie7
Not commented.

@meindex ie8
@item ie8
Not commented.

@meindex lt
@item lt
Less than


@meindex not
@item not
Not


@end table



@node Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILConditionalCommentElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printCloseTagOn:@-
@item printCloseTagOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex printOpenTagOn:@-
@item printOpenTagOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget
@section Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget
@clindex Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILWidget
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget-building::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex confirmationString
@item confirmationString
Answer `confirmationString'.

@meindex confirmationString:@-
@item confirmationString:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget-building
@subsection Iliad.ILConfirmationWidget:@- building

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILContext
@section Iliad.ILContext
@clindex Iliad.ILContext

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Sessions
I store current request context objects:@-

- the router
- the session
- the request itself

I can be accessed through ILObject>>context
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILContext-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILContext-accessing-attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILContext-adding::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILContext-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILContext:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex application
@item application
Not commented.

@meindex attributes
@item attributes
Not commented.

@meindex baseUrl
@item baseUrl
Not commented.

@meindex builtWidgets
@item builtWidgets
Not commented.

@meindex previousStateRegistry
@item previousStateRegistry
Not commented.

@meindex request
@item request
Answer `request'.

@meindex request:@-
@item request:@- aRequest
Not commented.

@meindex router
@item router
Not commented.

@meindex session
@item session
Answer `session'.

@meindex session:@-
@item session:@- aSession
Not commented.

@meindex stateRegistry
@item stateRegistry
Not commented.

@meindex urlBuilder
@item urlBuilder
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILContext-accessing-attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILContext:@- accessing-attributes

@table @b
@meindex attributeAt:@-
@item attributeAt:@- aKey
Not commented.

@meindex attributeAt:@-put:@-
@item attributeAt:@- aKey put:@- anObject
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILContext-adding
@subsection Iliad.ILContext:@- adding

@table @b
@meindex addBuiltWidget:@-
@item addBuiltWidget:@- aWidget
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILCookie
@section Iliad.ILCookie
@clindex Iliad.ILCookie

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Object
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-lib-HTTP
From Seaside 2.8

I represent a cookie, a piece of information that is stored on the client 
and read and writable by the server. I am basically a key/value pair of strings.
You can never trust information in a cookie, the client is free to edit it.
I model only a part of the full cookie specification.

For more information see  RFC2965 (http:@-//tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2965)
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILCookie class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILCookie-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILCookie-api::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILCookie-comparing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILCookie-writing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILCookie class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILCookie class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex key:@-value:@-
@item key:@- keyString value:@- valueString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILCookie-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILCookie:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex expiry
@item expiry
Answer `expiry'.

@meindex expiry:@-
@item expiry:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex key
@item key
Answer `key'.

@meindex key:@-
@item key:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex path
@item path
Not commented.

@meindex path:@-
@item path:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex value
@item value
Answer `value'.

@meindex value:@-
@item value:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILCookie-api
@subsection Iliad.ILCookie:@- api

@table @b
@meindex expireIn:@-
@item expireIn:@- aDuration
Not commented.

@meindex valueWithExpiry
@item valueWithExpiry
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILCookie-comparing
@subsection Iliad.ILCookie:@- comparing

@table @b
@meindex =
@item = other
Not commented.

@meindex hash
@item hash
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILCookie-writing
@subsection Iliad.ILCookie:@- writing

@table @b
@meindex writeOn:@-
@item writeOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILCurrentBuildable
@section Iliad.ILCurrentBuildable
@clindex Iliad.ILCurrentBuildable

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDynamicVariable
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
@end menu

@node Iliad.ILCurrentContext
@section Iliad.ILCurrentContext
@clindex Iliad.ILCurrentContext

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDynamicVariable
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Sessions

@end table

@menu
@end menu

@node Iliad.ILDecorator
@section Iliad.ILDecorator
@clindex Iliad.ILDecorator

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILBuildable
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables
I am a decorator for Widgets. I can be added to a widget by calling #decorateWith:@- from a widget.
Subclasses can be used to modify the building process of a widget, or change its behavior
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILDecorator class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILDecorator-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDecorator-building::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDecorator-decorations::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDecorator-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILDecorator class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILDecorator class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex decoratee:@-
@item decoratee:@- aDecoratee
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDecorator-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILDecorator:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex decoratee
@item decoratee
Answer `decoratee'.

@meindex decoratee:@-
@item decoratee:@- aDecoratee
Not commented.

@meindex widget
@item widget
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDecorator-building
@subsection Iliad.ILDecorator:@- building

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@meindex scripts
@item scripts
Answer `@-#()'.

@meindex styles
@item styles
Answer `@-#()'.

@meindex updateHead:@-
@item updateHead:@- aHead
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDecorator-decorations
@subsection Iliad.ILDecorator:@- decorations

@table @b
@meindex handleAnswer:@-
@item handleAnswer:@- anAnswer
Not commented.

@meindex removeDecorator:@-
@item removeDecorator:@- aDecorator
Not commented.

@meindex removeYourself
@item removeYourself
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDecorator-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILDecorator:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isDelegator
@item isDelegator
Answer `false'.

@meindex isGlobal
@item isGlobal
Answer `false'.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILDelegator
@section Iliad.ILDelegator
@clindex Iliad.ILDelegator

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDecorator
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILDelegator-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDelegator-building::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDelegator-decorations::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDelegator-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILDelegator-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILDelegator:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex newRootElement
@item newRootElement
Not commented.

@meindex widget
@item widget
Answer `widget'.

@meindex widget:@-
@item widget:@- aWidget
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDelegator-building
@subsection Iliad.ILDelegator:@- building

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@meindex updateHead:@-
@item updateHead:@- aHead
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDelegator-decorations
@subsection Iliad.ILDelegator:@- decorations

@table @b
@meindex handleAnswer:@-
@item handleAnswer:@- anAnswer
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDelegator-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILDelegator:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isDelegator
@item isDelegator
Answer `true'.

@meindex isGlobal
@item isGlobal
Answer `true'.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILDirectionElement
@section Iliad.ILDirectionElement
@clindex Iliad.ILDirectionElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILDirectionElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDirectionElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDirectionElement-acessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDirectionElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILDirectionElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILDirectionElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'bdo''.

@meindex xmlLang:@-
@item xmlLang:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDirectionElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILDirectionElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- event add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDirectionElement-acessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILDirectionElement:@- acessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex dir:@-
@item dir:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDirectionElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILDirectionElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILDirectory
@section Iliad.ILDirectory
@clindex Iliad.ILDirectory

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILDirectory-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILDirectory-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILDirectory:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex fileContentsFor:@-
@item fileContentsFor:@- aFilename
This method's functionality should be implemented by subclasses of ILDirectory

@end table

@node Iliad.ILDiskDirectory
@section Iliad.ILDiskDirectory
@clindex Iliad.ILDiskDirectory

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDirectory
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-GST
An ILDiskDirectory allows files to be served by Iliad directly from directories of even archives like .star files.
    I shouldn't be used in production.

    Usage example:@- 
    
    Iliad.ILFileHandler addDirectory:@- 
     (Iliad.ILDiskDirectory new 
        directory:@- (PackageLoader packageAt:@- 'SomePackage') directory / 'Public';
    
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILDiskDirectory-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILDiskDirectory-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILDiskDirectory:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex directory
@item directory
Answer `directory'.

@meindex directory:@-
@item directory:@- aDirectory
Not commented.

@meindex fileContentsFor:@-
@item fileContentsFor:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILDispatcher
@section Iliad.ILDispatcher
@clindex Iliad.ILDispatcher

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Dispatching
I am the entry point of requests. 
I dispatch them with the #dispatch:@- method to an ILApplicationHandler or a 
ILFileHandler.

Web server adapters should use the #dispatch:@- method on the current instance
of ILDispatcher - returned by ILDispatcher class>>current - to handle requests, 
and wait for a ILResponseNotification to respond to them.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILDispatcher class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILDispatcher-dispatching::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILDispatcher-error-handling::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILDispatcher class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILDispatcher class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex current
@item current
Not commented.

@meindex new
@item new
This method should not be called for instances of this class.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDispatcher-dispatching
@subsection Iliad.ILDispatcher:@- dispatching

@table @b
@meindex dispatch:@-
@item dispatch:@- aRequest
Entry point of requests


@end table



@node Iliad.ILDispatcher-error-handling
@subsection Iliad.ILDispatcher:@- error-handling

@table @b
@meindex withDispatchErrorHandling:@-
@item withDispatchErrorHandling:@- aBlock
Catch dispatch errors


@meindex withErrorHandling:@-
@item withErrorHandling:@- aBlock
Catch errors and use an ILErrorHandler to handle them


@end table

@node Iliad.ILDispatchError
@section Iliad.ILDispatchError
@clindex Iliad.ILDispatchError

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Grease.Grease.GRError
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Dispatching

@end table

@menu
@end menu

@node Iliad.ILDivElement
@section Iliad.ILDivElement
@clindex Iliad.ILDivElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILDivElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILDivElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILDivElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'div''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILDynamicVariable
@section Iliad.ILDynamicVariable
@clindex Iliad.ILDynamicVariable

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Object
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Utilities

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILDynamicVariable class-defaults::  (class)
* Iliad.ILDynamicVariable class-evaluating::  (class)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILDynamicVariable class-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILDynamicVariable class:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex defaultValue
@item defaultValue
Answer `nil'.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILDynamicVariable class-evaluating
@subsection Iliad.ILDynamicVariable class:@- evaluating

@table @b
@meindex use:@-during:@-
@item use:@- anObject during:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex value
@item value
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILElement
@section Iliad.ILElement
@clindex Iliad.ILElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILComposite
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Elements
I am the abstract root class of the composite element hierarchy.

I know how to print myself in HTML format with the #printHtmlOn:@- method
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILElement-adding-convenience::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILElement-building::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILElement-comparing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILElement-converting::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILElement-error handling::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex attributeAt:@-
@item attributeAt:@- akey
Not commented.

@meindex attributeAt:@-ifAbsent:@-
@item attributeAt:@- akey ifAbsent:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex attributeAt:@-ifAbsentPut:@-
@item attributeAt:@- akey ifAbsentPut:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex attributeAt:@-put:@-
@item attributeAt:@- aKey put:@- aValue
Not commented.

@meindex attributes
@item attributes
Not commented.

@meindex contentType
@item contentType
This method's functionality should be implemented by subclasses of ILElement

@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `nil'.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILElement-adding-convenience
@subsection Iliad.ILElement:@- adding-convenience

@table @b
@meindex text:@-
@item text:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex xml
@item xml
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILElement-building
@subsection Iliad.ILElement:@- building

@table @b
@meindex build:@-
@item build:@- aBuildable
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILElement-comparing
@subsection Iliad.ILElement:@- comparing

@table @b
@meindex =
@item = anObject
Not commented.

@meindex hash
@item hash
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILElement-converting
@subsection Iliad.ILElement:@- converting

@table @b
@meindex respondOn:@-
@item respondOn:@- aResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILElement-error handling
@subsection Iliad.ILElement:@- error handling

@table @b
@meindex attributeError:@-
@item attributeError:@- key
Not commented.

@meindex doesNotUnderstandAttribute:@-
@item doesNotUnderstandAttribute:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex afterPrintHtml
@item afterPrintHtml
Answer the receiver.

@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Answer the receiver.

@meindex printAttribute:@-on:@-
@item printAttribute:@- anAttribute on:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex printCloseTagOn:@-
@item printCloseTagOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex printHtmlOn:@-
@item printHtmlOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex printJsonOn:@-
@item printJsonOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex printOpenTagOn:@-
@item printOpenTagOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILElementError
@section Iliad.ILElementError
@clindex Iliad.ILElementError

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Grease.Grease.GRError
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Elements

@end table

@menu
@end menu

@node Iliad.ILEncoder
@section Iliad.ILEncoder
@clindex Iliad.ILEncoder

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Object
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Utilities

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILEncoder class-encoding::  (class)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILEncoder class-encoding
@subsection Iliad.ILEncoder class:@- encoding

@table @b
@meindex encodeCharacterForHTTP:@-on:@-
@item encodeCharacterForHTTP:@- aCharacter on:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex encodeForHTTP:@-on:@-
@item encodeForHTTP:@- aString on:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex encodeUrl:@-on:@-
@item encodeUrl:@- aString on:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex encodeUrlCharacter:@-on:@-
@item encodeUrlCharacter:@- aCharacter on:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex printUrl:@-encoded:@-on:@-
@item printUrl:@- aString encoded:@- aBoolean on:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILErrorHandler
@section Iliad.ILErrorHandler
@clindex Iliad.ILErrorHandler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILRequestHandler
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

    
""""""""""""""""""""""""
" Error handling modes "
""""""""""""""""""""""""

Error handlers can be in one of the following modes:@- deployment, verbose or 
debug. The default mode is verbose.
You can switch between modes with class methods in the <accessing modes> 
protocol.

When errors occur, the framework with handle them differently depending on 
the application mode:@-
- in deployment mode, it will respond an error 500;
- in verbose mode, it will also respond an error 500, but with error details;
- in debug mode, a debugger window will be opened on the error;
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILErrorHandler class-accessing::  (class)
* Iliad.ILErrorHandler class-accessing modes::  (class)
* Iliad.ILErrorHandler-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILErrorHandler-responding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILErrorHandler-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILErrorHandler class-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILErrorHandler class:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex mode
@item mode
Not commented.

@meindex mode:@-
@item mode:@- aSymbol
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILErrorHandler class-accessing modes
@subsection Iliad.ILErrorHandler class:@- accessing modes

@table @b
@meindex debugMode
@item debugMode
Not commented.

@meindex deploymentMode
@item deploymentMode
Not commented.

@meindex verboseMode
@item verboseMode
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILErrorHandler-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILErrorHandler:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex error
@item error
Answer `error'.

@meindex error:@-
@item error:@- anError
Not commented.

@meindex mode
@item mode
Not commented.

@meindex newResponse
@item newResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILErrorHandler-responding
@subsection Iliad.ILErrorHandler:@- responding

@table @b
@meindex produceDebugResponse
@item produceDebugResponse
Not commented.

@meindex produceDeploymentResponse
@item produceDeploymentResponse
Not commented.

@meindex produceResponse
@item produceResponse
Not commented.

@meindex produceVerboseResponse
@item produceVerboseResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILErrorHandler-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILErrorHandler:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isDebugMode
@item isDebugMode
Not commented.

@meindex isDeploymentMode
@item isDeploymentMode
Not commented.

@meindex isVerboseMode
@item isVerboseMode
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILFieldsetElement
@section Iliad.ILFieldsetElement
@clindex Iliad.ILFieldsetElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILFieldsetElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILFieldsetElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILFieldsetElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'fieldset''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILFileHandler
@section Iliad.ILFileHandler
@clindex Iliad.ILFileHandler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILRequestHandler
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILFileHandler class-acccessing::  (class)
* Iliad.ILFileHandler class-accessing::  (class)
* Iliad.ILFileHandler class-defaults::  (class)
* Iliad.ILFileHandler class-testing::  (class)
* Iliad.ILFileHandler-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFileHandler-request handling::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFileHandler-responding::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILFileHandler class-acccessing
@subsection Iliad.ILFileHandler class:@- acccessing

@table @b
@meindex directories
@item directories
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileHandler class-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILFileHandler class:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex addDirectory:@-
@item addDirectory:@- aDirectory
Not commented.

@meindex defaultMimeType
@item defaultMimeType
Answer `'application/octet-stream''.

@meindex defaultMimeTypes
@item defaultMimeTypes
Not commented.

@meindex directories:@-
@item directories:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@meindex mimeTypeFor:@-
@item mimeTypeFor:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex mimeTypes
@item mimeTypes
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileHandler class-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILFileHandler class:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex initMimeTypes
@item initMimeTypes
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileHandler class-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILFileHandler class:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isBinary:@-
@item isBinary:@- aFilename
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileHandler-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILFileHandler:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex directories
@item directories
Not commented.

@meindex mimeTypeFor:@-
@item mimeTypeFor:@- aFilename
Not commented.

@meindex newResponse
@item newResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileHandler-request handling
@subsection Iliad.ILFileHandler:@- request handling

@table @b
@meindex handleRequest
@item handleRequest
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileHandler-responding
@subsection Iliad.ILFileHandler:@- responding

@table @b
@meindex produceResponse
@item produceResponse
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILFileProxy
@section Iliad.ILFileProxy
@clindex Iliad.ILFileProxy

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Object
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-lib-HTTP

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILFileProxy class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILFileProxy-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFileProxy-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFileProxy-writing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILFileProxy class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILFileProxy class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex new
@item new
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileProxy-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILFileProxy:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex contentType
@item contentType
Answer `contentType'.

@meindex contentType:@-
@item contentType:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex contents
@item contents
Answer `contents'.

@meindex contents:@-
@item contents:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex createdTimestamp
@item createdTimestamp
Not commented.

@meindex filename
@item filename
Answer `filename'.

@meindex filename:@-
@item filename:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex timestamps
@item timestamps
Not commented.

@meindex timestampsAt:@-
@item timestampsAt:@- aSymbol
Not commented.

@meindex timestampsAt:@-put:@-
@item timestampsAt:@- aSymbol put:@- aTimestamp
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileProxy-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILFileProxy:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@meindex setCreatedTimestamp
@item setCreatedTimestamp
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFileProxy-writing
@subsection Iliad.ILFileProxy:@- writing

@table @b
@meindex writeToFile
@item writeToFile
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILFormElement
@section Iliad.ILFormElement
@clindex Iliad.ILFormElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILFormElement class-defaults::  (class)
* Iliad.ILFormElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFormElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFormElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFormElement-printing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFormElement-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILFormElement class-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILFormElement class:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex encodingType
@item encodingType
Answer `'application/x-www-form-urlencoded''.

@meindex multipartFormData
@item multipartFormData
Answer `'multipart/form-data''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFormElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILFormElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'form''.

@meindex url
@item url
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFormElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILFormElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex accept:@-
@item accept:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex acceptCharset:@-
@item acceptCharset:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex acceptCharsets:@-
@item acceptCharsets:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@meindex accepts:@-
@item accepts:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@meindex beMultipart
@item beMultipart
Not commented.

@meindex enctype
@item enctype
Not commented.

@meindex enctype:@-
@item enctype:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex multipart:@-
@item multipart:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex useGet
@item useGet
Not commented.

@meindex usePost
@item usePost
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFormElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILFormElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onReset:@-
@item onReset:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onResetDo:@-
@item onResetDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex onSubmit:@-
@item onSubmit:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onSubmitDo:@-
@item onSubmitDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFormElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILFormElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFormElement-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILFormElement:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isMultipart
@item isMultipart
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILFormElementElement
@section Iliad.ILFormElementElement
@clindex Iliad.ILFormElementElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILFormElementElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILFormElementElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILFormElementElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILFormElementElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex accesskey:@-
@item accesskey:@- aCharacter
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILFormElementElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILFormElementElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex action:@-
@item action:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex beSubmitOnChange
@item beSubmitOnChange
Not commented.

@meindex beSubmitOnClick
@item beSubmitOnClick
Not commented.

@meindex beSubmitOnEvent:@-
@item beSubmitOnEvent:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex disabled
@item disabled
Not commented.

@meindex disabled:@-
@item disabled:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex name
@item name
Not commented.

@meindex name:@-
@item name:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex readonly:@-
@item readonly:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILHeadElement
@section Iliad.ILHeadElement
@clindex Iliad.ILHeadElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILHeadElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHeadElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHeadElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHeadElement-adding-convenience::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHeadElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILHeadElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILHeadElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'head''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHeadElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILHeadElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex profile:@-
@item profile:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex profiles:@-
@item profiles:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@meindex title
@item title
Not commented.

@meindex title:@-
@item title:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHeadElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILHeadElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- event add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHeadElement-adding-convenience
@subsection Iliad.ILHeadElement:@- adding-convenience

@table @b
@meindex style
@item style
Not commented.

@meindex style:@-
@item style:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHeadElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILHeadElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILHeadingElement
@section Iliad.ILHeadingElement
@clindex Iliad.ILHeadingElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILHeadingElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHeadingElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILHeadingElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILHeadingElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex level
@item level
Answer `level'.

@meindex level:@-
@item level:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex tag
@item tag
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHeadingElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILHeadingElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- event add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement
@section Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement
@clindex Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILClosingElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'hr''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILHorizontalRuleElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- anEvent add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@section Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@clindex Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing  attributes-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing attibutes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-adding-conveenience::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-adding-convenience::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex class:@-
@item class:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex contentType
@item contentType
Not commented.

@meindex if
@item if
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing  attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement:@- accessing  attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onChange:@-
@item onChange:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onChangeDo:@-
@item onChangeDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing attibutes
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement:@- accessing attibutes

@table @b
@meindex style:@-
@item style:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex cssClass
@item cssClass
Not commented.

@meindex cssClass:@-
@item cssClass:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex id
@item id
Not commented.

@meindex id:@-
@item id:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex lang:@-
@item lang:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex style
@item style
Not commented.

@meindex title
@item title
Not commented.

@meindex title:@-
@item title:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex xmlLang:@-
@item xmlLang:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onBlur:@-
@item onBlur:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onBlurDo:@-
@item onBlurDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex onClick:@-
@item onClick:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onClickDo:@-
@item onClickDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex onDoubleClick:@-
@item onDoubleClick:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onDoubleClickDo:@-
@item onDoubleClickDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- aString add:@- anotherString
Not commented.

@meindex onEvent:@-do:@-
@item onEvent:@- aString do:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex onFocus:@-
@item onFocus:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onKeyDown:@-
@item onKeyDown:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onKeyPress:@-
@item onKeyPress:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onKeyUp:@-
@item onKeyUp:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onMouseOut:@-
@item onMouseOut:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onMouseOver:@-
@item onMouseOver:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex onSelect:@-
@item onSelect:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-adding-conveenience
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement:@- adding-conveenience

@table @b
@meindex link
@item link
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement-adding-convenience
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement:@- adding-convenience

@table @b
@meindex a
@item a
Not commented.

@meindex area
@item area
Not commented.

@meindex b
@item b
Not commented.

@meindex b:@-
@item b:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex bdo
@item bdo
Not commented.

@meindex big
@item big
Not commented.

@meindex big:@-
@item big:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex blockquote
@item blockquote
Not commented.

@meindex blockquote:@-
@item blockquote:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex br
@item br
Not commented.

@meindex button
@item button
Not commented.

@meindex checkbox
@item checkbox
Not commented.

@meindex cite
@item cite
Not commented.

@meindex cite:@-
@item cite:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex code
@item code
Not commented.

@meindex code:@-
@item code:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex dd
@item dd
Not commented.

@meindex dfn
@item dfn
Not commented.

@meindex div
@item div
Not commented.

@meindex dl
@item dl
Not commented.

@meindex dt
@item dt
Not commented.

@meindex em
@item em
Not commented.

@meindex em:@-
@item em:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex favicon
@item favicon
Not commented.

@meindex favicon:@-
@item favicon:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex fieldset
@item fieldset
Not commented.

@meindex file
@item file
Not commented.

@meindex form
@item form
Not commented.

@meindex h
@item h
Not commented.

@meindex h1
@item h1
Not commented.

@meindex h1:@-
@item h1:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex h2
@item h2
Not commented.

@meindex h2:@-
@item h2:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex h3
@item h3
Not commented.

@meindex h3:@-
@item h3:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex h4
@item h4
Not commented.

@meindex h4:@-
@item h4:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex h5
@item h5
Not commented.

@meindex h5:@-
@item h5:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex h6
@item h6
Not commented.

@meindex h6:@-
@item h6:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex hr
@item hr
Not commented.

@meindex html:@-
@item html:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex i
@item i
Not commented.

@meindex i:@-
@item i:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex img
@item img
Not commented.

@meindex img:@-
@item img:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex input
@item input
Not commented.

@meindex javascript
@item javascript
Not commented.

@meindex label
@item label
Not commented.

@meindex legend
@item legend
Not commented.

@meindex legend:@-
@item legend:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex li
@item li
Not commented.

@meindex map
@item map
Not commented.

@meindex meta
@item meta
Not commented.

@meindex object
@item object
Not commented.

@meindex ol
@item ol
Not commented.

@meindex optgroup
@item optgroup
Not commented.

@meindex option
@item option
Not commented.

@meindex p
@item p
Not commented.

@meindex param
@item param
Not commented.

@meindex password
@item password
Not commented.

@meindex pre
@item pre
Not commented.

@meindex pre:@-
@item pre:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex quote
@item quote
Not commented.

@meindex quote:@-
@item quote:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex radio
@item radio
Not commented.

@meindex reset
@item reset
Not commented.

@meindex script
@item script
Not commented.

@meindex script:@-
@item script:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex select
@item select
Not commented.

@meindex small
@item small
Not commented.

@meindex small:@-
@item small:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex space
@item space
Not commented.

@meindex span
@item span
Not commented.

@meindex strong
@item strong
Not commented.

@meindex strong:@-
@item strong:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex stylesheet
@item stylesheet
Not commented.

@meindex submit
@item submit
Not commented.

@meindex subscript
@item subscript
Not commented.

@meindex subscript:@-
@item subscript:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex superscript
@item superscript
Not commented.

@meindex superscript:@-
@item superscript:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex table
@item table
Not commented.

@meindex tbody
@item tbody
Not commented.

@meindex td
@item td
Not commented.

@meindex textarea
@item textarea
Not commented.

@meindex tfoot
@item tfoot
Not commented.

@meindex th
@item th
Not commented.

@meindex thead
@item thead
Not commented.

@meindex tr
@item tr
Not commented.

@meindex tt
@item tt
Not commented.

@meindex ul
@item ul
Not commented.

@meindex var
@item var
Not commented.

@meindex var:@-
@item var:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILHtmlElement
@section Iliad.ILHtmlElement
@clindex Iliad.ILHtmlElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILHtmlElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHtmlElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHtmlElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHtmlElement-defaults::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHtmlElement-printing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHtmlElement-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILHtmlElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILHtmlElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex beHtml5
@item beHtml5
Not commented.

@meindex beXhtml10Strict
@item beXhtml10Strict
Not commented.

@meindex beXhtml10Transitional
@item beXhtml10Transitional
Not commented.

@meindex beXhtml11
@item beXhtml11
Not commented.

@meindex doctype
@item doctype
Answer `doctype'.

@meindex doctype:@-
@item doctype:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex setXmlTag
@item setXmlTag
Not commented.

@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'html''.

@meindex xmlTag
@item xmlTag
Answer `xmlTag'.

@meindex xmlTag:@-
@item xmlTag:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHtmlElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILHtmlElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex version:@-
@item version:@- aNumber
Not commented.

@meindex xmlns
@item xmlns
Not commented.

@meindex xmlns:@-
@item xmlns:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHtmlElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILHtmlElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- event add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHtmlElement-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILHtmlElement:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex defaultXmlns
@item defaultXmlns
Answer `'http:@-//www.w3.org/1999/xhtml''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHtmlElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILHtmlElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@meindex printHtmlOn:@-
@item printHtmlOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHtmlElement-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILHtmlElement:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex hasXmlTag
@item hasXmlTag
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILHTMLPage
@section Iliad.ILHTMLPage
@clindex Iliad.ILHTMLPage

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILBuildable
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILHTMLPage-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILHTMLPage-building::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILHTMLPage-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLPage:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex body
@item body
Not commented.

@meindex head
@item head
Not commented.

@meindex html
@item html
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILHTMLPage-building
@subsection Iliad.ILHTMLPage:@- building

@table @b
@meindex build
@item build
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILId
@section Iliad.ILId
@clindex Iliad.ILId

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: ByteArray
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Utilities

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILId class-defaults::  (class)
* Iliad.ILId class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILId-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILId-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILId-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILId class-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILId class:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex defaultSize
@item defaultSize
Answer `12'.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILId class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILId class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex new
@item new
Not commented.

@meindex new:@-
@item new:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILId-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILId:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex table
@item table
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILId-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILId:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILId-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILId:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printOn:@-
@item printOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILImageElement
@section Iliad.ILImageElement
@clindex Iliad.ILImageElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILClosingElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILImageElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILImageElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILImageElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILImageElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILImageElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'img''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILImageElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILImageElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex alt:@-
@item alt:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex height:@-
@item height:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex ismap
@item ismap
Not commented.

@meindex longdesc:@-
@item longdesc:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex src:@-
@item src:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex src:@-alt:@-
@item src:@- src alt:@- alt
Not commented.

@meindex usemap:@-
@item usemap:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex width:@-
@item width:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILImageElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILImageElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILInformationWidget
@section Iliad.ILInformationWidget
@clindex Iliad.ILInformationWidget

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILWidget
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILInformationWidget-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILInformationWidget-building::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILInformationWidget-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILInformationWidget:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex informationString
@item informationString
Answer `informationString'.

@meindex informationString:@-
@item informationString:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILInformationWidget-building
@subsection Iliad.ILInformationWidget:@- building

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILInputElement
@section Iliad.ILInputElement
@clindex Iliad.ILInputElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILFormElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILInputElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILInputElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILInputElement-accessing attributes-types::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILInputElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILInputElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILInputElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'input''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILInputElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILInputElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex accept:@-
@item accept:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex accepts:@-
@item accepts:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@meindex alt:@-
@item alt:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex ismap
@item ismap
Not commented.

@meindex maxlength:@-
@item maxlength:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex size:@-
@item size:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex usemap:@-
@item usemap:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex value:@-
@item value:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILInputElement-accessing attributes-types
@subsection Iliad.ILInputElement:@- accessing attributes-types

@table @b
@meindex beFile
@item beFile
Not commented.

@meindex beHidden
@item beHidden
Not commented.

@meindex beImage
@item beImage
Not commented.

@meindex bePassword
@item bePassword
Not commented.

@meindex beReset
@item beReset
Not commented.

@meindex beSubmit
@item beSubmit
Not commented.

@meindex beText
@item beText
Not commented.

@meindex type:@-
@item type:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILInputElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILInputElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@meindex printHtmlOn:@-
@item printHtmlOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILJson
@section Iliad.ILJson
@clindex Iliad.ILJson

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-lib-JSON
This class reads and writes JSON format data - strings, numbers, 
boolean, nil, arrays and dictionaries. 
See http:@-//www.crockford.com/JSON/index.html. 
It has been extended with syntax for invoking a prearranged list of constructors on read objects.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILJson-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILJson-parsing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILJson-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILJson:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex ctorMap
@item ctorMap
Answer `ctorMap'.

@meindex ctorMap:@-
@item ctorMap:@- m
Not commented.

@meindex stream
@item stream
Answer the value of stream


@meindex stream:@-
@item stream:@- anObject
Set the value of stream


@end table



@node Iliad.ILJson-parsing
@subsection Iliad.ILJson:@- parsing

@table @b
@meindex readAny
@item readAny
This is the main entry point for the JSON parser. See also readFrom:@- on the class side.


@meindex readFrom:@-
@item readFrom:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILJsonHandler
@section Iliad.ILJsonHandler
@clindex Iliad.ILJsonHandler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILRequestHandler
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILJsonHandler-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILJsonHandler-responding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILJsonHandler-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILJsonHandler-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILJsonHandler:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILJsonHandler-responding
@subsection Iliad.ILJsonHandler:@- responding

@table @b
@meindex produceResponse
@item produceResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILJsonHandler-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILJsonHandler:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex shouldRedirect
@item shouldRedirect
Not commented.

@meindex shouldUpdateApplication
@item shouldUpdateApplication
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILJsonObject
@section Iliad.ILJsonObject
@clindex Iliad.ILJsonObject

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-lib-JSON

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILJsonObject-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILJsonObject-error handling::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILJsonObject-initialization::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILJsonObject-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILJsonObject:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex at:@-
@item at:@- key
Not commented.

@meindex at:@-ifAbsent:@-
@item at:@- key ifAbsent:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex at:@-put:@-
@item at:@- key put:@- value
Not commented.

@meindex properties
@item properties
Answer `properties'.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILJsonObject-error handling
@subsection Iliad.ILJsonObject:@- error handling

@table @b
@meindex doesNotUnderstand:@-
@item doesNotUnderstand:@- aMessage
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILJsonObject-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILJsonObject:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILJsonSyntaxError
@section Iliad.ILJsonSyntaxError
@clindex Iliad.ILJsonSyntaxError

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Grease.Grease.GRError
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-lib-JSON
Class Json signals instances of me when an input stream contains invalid JSON input.
@end table

@menu
@end menu

@node Iliad.ILLabelElement
@section Iliad.ILLabelElement
@clindex Iliad.ILLabelElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILLabelElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILLabelElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILLabelElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILLabelElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'label''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILLabelElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILLabelElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex accesskey:@-
@item accesskey:@- aCharacter
Not commented.

@meindex for:@-
@item for:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILLegendElement
@section Iliad.ILLegendElement
@clindex Iliad.ILLegendElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILLegendElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILLegendElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILLegendElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILLegendElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'legend''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILLegendElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILLegendElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex accesskey:@-
@item accesskey:@- aCharacter
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILLinkableElement
@section Iliad.ILLinkableElement
@clindex Iliad.ILLinkableElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILLinkableElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILLinkableElement-accessing attributes-relationships::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILLinkableElement-accessing attributes-reverse links::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILLinkableElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILLinkableElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex accesskey:@-
@item accesskey:@- aCharacter
Not commented.

@meindex charset:@-
@item charset:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex contentType:@-
@item contentType:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex href:@-
@item href:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex hreflang:@-
@item hreflang:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex linkToApplication:@-
@item linkToApplication:@- anApplicationClass
Not commented.

@meindex linkToApplication:@-controller:@-
@item linkToApplication:@- anApplicationClass controller:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex linkToLocal:@-
@item linkToLocal:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex target:@-
@item target:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex type:@-
@item type:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILLinkableElement-accessing attributes-relationships
@subsection Iliad.ILLinkableElement:@- accessing attributes-relationships

@table @b
@meindex beAlternate
@item beAlternate
Not commented.

@meindex beAppendix
@item beAppendix
Not commented.

@meindex beBookmark
@item beBookmark
Not commented.

@meindex beChapter
@item beChapter
Not commented.

@meindex beContents
@item beContents
Not commented.

@meindex beCopyright
@item beCopyright
Not commented.

@meindex beFavicon
@item beFavicon
Not commented.

@meindex beGlossary
@item beGlossary
Not commented.

@meindex beHelp
@item beHelp
Not commented.

@meindex beIndex
@item beIndex
Not commented.

@meindex beNext
@item beNext
Not commented.

@meindex bePrev
@item bePrev
Not commented.

@meindex bePrevious
@item bePrevious
Not commented.

@meindex beRss
@item beRss
Not commented.

@meindex beSection
@item beSection
Not commented.

@meindex beStart
@item beStart
Not commented.

@meindex beStylesheet
@item beStylesheet
Not commented.

@meindex beSubsection
@item beSubsection
Not commented.

@meindex rel:@-
@item rel:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILLinkableElement-accessing attributes-reverse links
@subsection Iliad.ILLinkableElement:@- accessing attributes-reverse links

@table @b
@meindex fromAlternate
@item fromAlternate
Not commented.

@meindex fromAppendix
@item fromAppendix
Not commented.

@meindex fromBookmark
@item fromBookmark
Not commented.

@meindex fromChapter
@item fromChapter
Not commented.

@meindex fromContents
@item fromContents
Not commented.

@meindex fromCopyright
@item fromCopyright
Not commented.

@meindex fromGlossary
@item fromGlossary
Not commented.

@meindex fromHelp
@item fromHelp
Not commented.

@meindex fromIndex
@item fromIndex
Not commented.

@meindex fromNext
@item fromNext
Not commented.

@meindex fromPrev
@item fromPrev
Not commented.

@meindex fromPrevious
@item fromPrevious
Not commented.

@meindex fromSection
@item fromSection
Not commented.

@meindex fromStart
@item fromStart
Not commented.

@meindex fromStylesheet
@item fromStylesheet
Not commented.

@meindex fromSubsection
@item fromSubsection
Not commented.

@meindex rev:@-
@item rev:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILLinkElement
@section Iliad.ILLinkElement
@clindex Iliad.ILLinkElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILLinkableElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILLinkElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILLinkElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILLinkElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILLinkElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILLinkElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'link''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILLinkElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILLinkElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex allMedia
@item allMedia
Not commented.

@meindex auralMedia
@item auralMedia
Not commented.

@meindex brailleMedia
@item brailleMedia
Not commented.

@meindex handheldMedia
@item handheldMedia
Not commented.

@meindex media:@-
@item media:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex printMedia
@item printMedia
Not commented.

@meindex projectionMedia
@item projectionMedia
Not commented.

@meindex screenMedia
@item screenMedia
Not commented.

@meindex ttyMedia
@item ttyMedia
Not commented.

@meindex tvMedia
@item tvMedia
Not commented.

@meindex type:@-
@item type:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILLinkElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILLinkElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printHtmlOn:@-
@item printHtmlOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILListElement
@section Iliad.ILListElement
@clindex Iliad.ILListElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILListElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILListElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILListElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex beOrdered
@item beOrdered
Not commented.

@meindex beUnordered
@item beUnordered
Not commented.

@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `tag'.

@meindex tag:@-
@item tag:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILListItemElement
@section Iliad.ILListItemElement
@clindex Iliad.ILListItemElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILListItemElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILListItemElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILListItemElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'li''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILMapElement
@section Iliad.ILMapElement
@clindex Iliad.ILMapElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILMapElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILMapElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILMapElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILMapElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'map''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILMapElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILMapElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex classes:@-
@item classes:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory
@section Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory
@clindex Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDirectory
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory class-maintenance::  (class)
* Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory-maintenence::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory class-maintenance
@subsection Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory class:@- maintenance

@table @b
@meindex addAllFilesIn:@-
@item addAllFilesIn:@- aPathString
Answer the receiver.

@meindex addFileAt:@-
@item addFileAt:@- aPath
Answer the receiver.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex fileContentsFor:@-
@item fileContentsFor:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex fileSelectors
@item fileSelectors
Not commented.

@meindex path
@item path
answer the base path of the memory directory


@end table



@node Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory-maintenence
@subsection Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory:@- maintenence

@table @b
@meindex deployFiles
@item deployFiles
Write to disk the files that the receiver use to serve as methods.
The files are stored in a subfolder named like the classname of the receiver in a subfolder of Smalltalk image folder.


@meindex removeFile:@-
@item removeFile:@- aFilename
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILMemoryDirectory:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isFileSelector:@-
@item isFileSelector:@- aSelector
Only methods in 'files' protocol are allowed to be served as files


@end table

@node Iliad.ILMetaElement
@section Iliad.ILMetaElement
@clindex Iliad.ILMetaElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILClosingElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILMetaElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILMetaElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILMetaElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILMetaElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILMetaElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILMetaElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'meta''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILMetaElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILMetaElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex class:@-
@item class:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex classes:@-
@item classes:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@meindex content:@-
@item content:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex contentType
@item contentType
Not commented.

@meindex expires
@item expires
Not commented.

@meindex httpEquiv:@-
@item httpEquiv:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex name:@-
@item name:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex refresh
@item refresh
Not commented.

@meindex scheme:@-
@item scheme:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex setCookie
@item setCookie
Not commented.

@meindex title:@-
@item title:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILMetaElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILMetaElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- event add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILMetaElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILMetaElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILModelProxy
@section Iliad.ILModelProxy
@clindex Iliad.ILModelProxy

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Object
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Utilities

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILModelProxy class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILModelProxy-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILModelProxy-forwarding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILModelProxy-initializing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILModelProxy class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILModelProxy class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex on:@-
@item on:@- anObject
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILModelProxy-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILModelProxy:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex model
@item model
Answer `model'.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILModelProxy-forwarding
@subsection Iliad.ILModelProxy:@- forwarding

@table @b
@meindex commit
@item commit
Not commented.

@meindex doesNotUnderstand:@-
@item doesNotUnderstand:@- aMessage
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILModelProxy-initializing
@subsection Iliad.ILModelProxy:@- initializing

@table @b
@meindex setModel:@-
@item setModel:@- anObject
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILNotFoundHandler
@section Iliad.ILNotFoundHandler
@clindex Iliad.ILNotFoundHandler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILRequestHandler
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILNotFoundHandler-responding::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILNotFoundHandler-responding
@subsection Iliad.ILNotFoundHandler:@- responding

@table @b
@meindex produceResponse
@item produceResponse
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILObject
@section Iliad.ILObject
@clindex Iliad.ILObject

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Grease.Grease.GRObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Utilities
ILObject is the base class for all Iliad classes. It guarantees that #initialize is send upon object creation. Additionally it provides convienience methods for accessing the current context, session and application.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILObject-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILObject-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILObject:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex application
@item application
Not commented.

@meindex context
@item context
Not commented.

@meindex request
@item request
Not commented.

@meindex session
@item session
Not commented.

@meindex urlBuilder
@item urlBuilder
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILObjectElement
@section Iliad.ILObjectElement
@clindex Iliad.ILObjectElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILObjectElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILObjectElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILObjectElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILObjectElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'object''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILObjectElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILObjectElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex archive:@-
@item archive:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex archives:@-
@item archives:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@meindex classid:@-
@item classid:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex codebase:@-
@item codebase:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex codetype:@-
@item codetype:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex data:@-
@item data:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex declare
@item declare
Not commented.

@meindex declareOnly
@item declareOnly
Not commented.

@meindex height:@-
@item height:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex name:@-
@item name:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex standby:@-
@item standby:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex tabindex:@-
@item tabindex:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex type:@-
@item type:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex usemap:@-
@item usemap:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex width:@-
@item width:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILOptionElement
@section Iliad.ILOptionElement
@clindex Iliad.ILOptionElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILOptionElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILOptionElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILOptionElement-accessing-attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILOptionElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILOptionElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'option''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILOptionElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILOptionElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex disabled
@item disabled
Not commented.

@meindex disabled:@-
@item disabled:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex label:@-
@item label:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex selected
@item selected
Not commented.

@meindex selected:@-
@item selected:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex value:@-
@item value:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILOptionElement-accessing-attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILOptionElement:@- accessing-attributes

@table @b
@meindex action:@-
@item action:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement
@section Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement
@clindex Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'optgroup''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILOptionGroupElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex disabled
@item disabled
Not commented.

@meindex label:@-
@item label:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILParagraphElement
@section Iliad.ILParagraphElement
@clindex Iliad.ILParagraphElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILParagraphElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILParagraphElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILParagraphElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'p''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILParameterElement
@section Iliad.ILParameterElement
@clindex Iliad.ILParameterElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILClosingElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILParameterElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILParameterElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILParameterElement-adding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILParameterElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILParameterElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILParameterElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'param''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILParameterElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILParameterElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex beData
@item beData
Not commented.

@meindex beObject
@item beObject
Not commented.

@meindex beReference
@item beReference
Not commented.

@meindex name:@-
@item name:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex type:@-
@item type:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex value:@-
@item value:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex valuetype:@-
@item valuetype:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILParameterElement-adding
@subsection Iliad.ILParameterElement:@- adding

@table @b
@meindex add:@-
@item add:@- anElement
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILParameterElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILParameterElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILPluggableWidget
@section Iliad.ILPluggableWidget
@clindex Iliad.ILPluggableWidget

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILWidget
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILPluggableWidget-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILPluggableWidget-building::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILPluggableWidget-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILPluggableWidget:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex contentsBlock
@item contentsBlock
Not commented.

@meindex contentsBlock:@-
@item contentsBlock:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILPluggableWidget-building
@subsection Iliad.ILPluggableWidget:@- building

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILPrependDelegator
@section Iliad.ILPrependDelegator
@clindex Iliad.ILPrependDelegator

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDelegator
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILPrependDelegator-building::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILPrependDelegator-building
@subsection Iliad.ILPrependDelegator:@- building

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILProfiler
@section Iliad.ILProfiler
@clindex Iliad.ILProfiler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILDecorator
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILProfiler-building::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILProfiler-building
@subsection Iliad.ILProfiler:@- building

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement
@section Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement
@clindex Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILFormElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'input''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex action:@-
@item action:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex beSelected
@item beSelected
Not commented.

@meindex selected:@-
@item selected:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex value:@-
@item value:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILRadioButtonElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement
@section Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement
@clindex Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@meindex contents:@-
@item contents:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILRawHtmlElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printHtmlOn:@-
@item printHtmlOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILRedirectHandler
@section Iliad.ILRedirectHandler
@clindex Iliad.ILRedirectHandler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILRequestHandler
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILRedirectHandler-responding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRedirectHandler-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILRedirectHandler-responding
@subsection Iliad.ILRedirectHandler:@- responding

@table @b
@meindex produceResponse
@item produceResponse
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRedirectHandler-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILRedirectHandler:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex shouldRespondInJson
@item shouldRespondInJson
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILRequest
@section Iliad.ILRequest
@clindex Iliad.ILRequest

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Object
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-lib-HTTP
From Seaside 2.8.

I am a server independent http request object.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILRequest class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILRequest-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRequest-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRequest-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILRequest class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILRequest class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex new
@item new
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRequest-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILRequest:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex actionField
@item actionField
Not commented.

@meindex ajaxUploadField
@item ajaxUploadField
Not commented.

@meindex at:@-
@item at:@- key
Not commented.

@meindex at:@-ifAbsent:@-
@item at:@- key ifAbsent:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex cookies
@item cookies
Answer `cookies'.

@meindex cookies:@-
@item cookies:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex fields
@item fields
Answer `fields'.

@meindex fields:@-
@item fields:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex hashLocationField
@item hashLocationField
Not commented.

@meindex headerAt:@-
@item headerAt:@- aKey
Not commented.

@meindex headerAt:@-ifAbsent:@-
@item headerAt:@- aKey ifAbsent:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex headers
@item headers
Answer `headers'.

@meindex headers:@-
@item headers:@- aDictionary
Not commented.

@meindex jsonField
@item jsonField
Not commented.

@meindex method
@item method
Answer `method'.

@meindex method:@-
@item method:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex nativeRequest
@item nativeRequest
Answer `nativeRequest'.

@meindex nativeRequest:@-
@item nativeRequest:@- aRequest
Not commented.

@meindex password
@item password
Not commented.

@meindex sessionField
@item sessionField
Not commented.

@meindex stateField
@item stateField
Not commented.

@meindex url
@item url
Answer `url'.

@meindex url:@-
@item url:@- anUrl
Not commented.

@meindex user
@item user
Not commented.

@meindex userAgent
@item userAgent
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRequest-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILRequest:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRequest-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILRequest:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex hasCookies
@item hasCookies
Not commented.

@meindex isAjaxRequest
@item isAjaxRequest
Not commented.

@meindex isGet
@item isGet
Not commented.

@meindex isPost
@item isPost
Not commented.

@meindex isPrefetch
@item isPrefetch
Not commented.

@meindex isPut
@item isPut
Not commented.

@meindex isTypeOfRequestForJson
@item isTypeOfRequestForJson
Not commented.

@meindex isTypeOfRequestForRedirect
@item isTypeOfRequestForRedirect
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILRequestHandler
@section Iliad.ILRequestHandler
@clindex Iliad.ILRequestHandler

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers
I implement the basic behavior needed to handle requests.

My sublcasses must override #newResponse to handle requests, and most likely #produceResponse.
The current handled request is answered by the #request method inherited from ILObject
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILRequestHandler-request handling::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRequestHandler-responding::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILRequestHandler-request handling
@subsection Iliad.ILRequestHandler:@- request handling

@table @b
@meindex handleRequest
@item handleRequest
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRequestHandler-responding
@subsection Iliad.ILRequestHandler:@- responding

@table @b
@meindex produceResponse
@item produceResponse
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILResponse
@section Iliad.ILResponse
@clindex Iliad.ILResponse

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Object
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-lib-HTTP
From Seaside 2.8

I am a server independent http response object.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILResponse class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILResponse-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILResponse-convenience::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILResponse-printing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILResponse-status::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILResponse-streaming::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILResponse class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILResponse class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex forbidden
@item forbidden
Not commented.

@meindex new
@item new
Not commented.

@meindex notFound
@item notFound
Not commented.

@meindex ok
@item ok
Not commented.

@meindex redirect
@item redirect
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILResponse-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILResponse:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex addCookie:@-
@item addCookie:@- aCookie
Not commented.

@meindex contentType
@item contentType
Answer `contentType'.

@meindex contentType:@-
@item contentType:@- mimeTypeString
Not commented.

@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@meindex contents:@-
@item contents:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex cookieAt:@-put:@-
@item cookieAt:@- key put:@- value
Not commented.

@meindex cookies
@item cookies
Not commented.

@meindex headerAt:@-put:@-
@item headerAt:@- key put:@- value
Not commented.

@meindex headers
@item headers
Not commented.

@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@meindex release
@item release
Not commented.

@meindex status
@item status
Answer `status'.

@meindex status:@-
@item status:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex stream
@item stream
Answer `stream'.

@meindex stream:@-
@item stream:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILResponse-convenience
@subsection Iliad.ILResponse:@- convenience

@table @b
@meindex attachmentWithFileName:@-
@item attachmentWithFileName:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex basicAuthenticationRealm:@-
@item basicAuthenticationRealm:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex redirectTo:@-
@item redirectTo:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILResponse-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILResponse:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printOn:@-
@item printOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILResponse-status
@subsection Iliad.ILResponse:@- status

@table @b
@meindex authenticationFailed
@item authenticationFailed
Not commented.

@meindex forbidden
@item forbidden
Not commented.

@meindex internalError
@item internalError
Not commented.

@meindex notFound
@item notFound
Not commented.

@meindex ok
@item ok
Not commented.

@meindex redirect
@item redirect
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILResponse-streaming
@subsection Iliad.ILResponse:@- streaming

@table @b
@meindex nextPut:@-
@item nextPut:@- aCharacter
Not commented.

@meindex nextPutAll:@-
@item nextPutAll:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex space
@item space
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILResponseNotification
@section Iliad.ILResponseNotification
@clindex Iliad.ILResponseNotification

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Notification
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-RequestHandlers

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILResponseNotification-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILResponseNotification-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILResponseNotification:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex response
@item response
Answer `response'.

@meindex response:@-
@item response:@- aResponse
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILRoute
@section Iliad.ILRoute
@clindex Iliad.ILRoute

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Dispatching
I represent a route, used to dispatch a request. 
My path is a collection of string, representing each part of the path of an url,
and can be streamed with methods in the <streaming> protocol.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILRoute class-accessing::  (class)
* Iliad.ILRoute class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILRoute-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRoute-converting::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRoute-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRoute-iterating::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRoute-printing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRoute-streaming::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILRoute class-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILRoute class:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex delimiters
@item delimiters
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRoute class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILRoute class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex path:@-
@item path:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRoute-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILRoute:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex basePath
@item basePath
Not commented.

@meindex delimiter
@item delimiter
Not commented.

@meindex delimiters
@item delimiters
Not commented.

@meindex path
@item path
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRoute-converting
@subsection Iliad.ILRoute:@- converting

@table @b
@meindex pathString
@item pathString
Not commented.

@meindex uriString
@item uriString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRoute-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILRoute:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initializeWithPath:@-
@item initializeWithPath:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRoute-iterating
@subsection Iliad.ILRoute:@- iterating

@table @b
@meindex currentPath
@item currentPath
Return an absolute url of the current streamed path
separated with delimiters, like this:@-
/foo/bar/baz


@end table



@node Iliad.ILRoute-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILRoute:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printOn:@-
@item printOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRoute-streaming
@subsection Iliad.ILRoute:@- streaming

@table @b
@meindex atEnd
@item atEnd
Not commented.

@meindex next
@item next
Not commented.

@meindex peek
@item peek
Not commented.

@meindex position
@item position
Not commented.

@meindex position:@-
@item position:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex reset
@item reset
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILRouter
@section Iliad.ILRouter
@clindex Iliad.ILRouter

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Dispatching

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILRouter-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRouter-dispatching::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRouter-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRouter-testing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRouter-updating::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILRouter-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILRouter:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex application
@item application
Answer `application'.

@meindex controller
@item controller
Answer `controller'.

@meindex hashRoute
@item hashRoute
Not commented.

@meindex route
@item route
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRouter-dispatching
@subsection Iliad.ILRouter:@- dispatching

@table @b
@meindex dispatchRequest
@item dispatchRequest
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRouter-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILRouter:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRouter-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILRouter:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex shouldRedirect
@item shouldRedirect
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRouter-updating
@subsection Iliad.ILRouter:@- updating

@table @b
@meindex updateApplicationFromRoute
@item updateApplicationFromRoute
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILRubyTextElement
@section Iliad.ILRubyTextElement
@clindex Iliad.ILRubyTextElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILRubyTextElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILRubyTextElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILRubyTextElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILRubyTextElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'rt''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILRubyTextElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILRubyTextElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex rbspan:@-
@item rbspan:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILScriptElement
@section Iliad.ILScriptElement
@clindex Iliad.ILScriptElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILScriptElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILScriptElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILScriptElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILScriptElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILScriptElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@meindex contents:@-
@item contents:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'script''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILScriptElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILScriptElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex beJavascript
@item beJavascript
Not commented.

@meindex charset:@-
@item charset:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex defer
@item defer
Not commented.

@meindex language:@-
@item language:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex src:@-
@item src:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex type:@-
@item type:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILScriptElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILScriptElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex beforePrintHtml
@item beforePrintHtml
Not commented.

@meindex printHtmlOn:@-
@item printHtmlOn:@- aStream
do not encode contents!!


@end table

@node Iliad.ILSelectElement
@section Iliad.ILSelectElement
@clindex Iliad.ILSelectElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILFormElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILSelectElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSelectElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSelectElement-initialize release::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILSelectElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILSelectElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'select''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSelectElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILSelectElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex action:@-
@item action:@- aBlock
This method should not be called for instances of this class.

@meindex beMultiple
@item beMultiple
Not commented.

@meindex size:@-
@item size:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSelectElement-initialize release
@subsection Iliad.ILSelectElement:@- initialize release

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILSequence
@section Iliad.ILSequence
@clindex Iliad.ILSequence

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILWidget
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILSequence-building::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSequence-control flow::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSequence-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILSequence-building
@subsection Iliad.ILSequence:@- building

@table @b
@meindex build
@item build
Not commented.

@meindex contents
@item contents
This method should not be called for instances of this class.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSequence-control flow
@subsection Iliad.ILSequence:@- control flow

@table @b
@meindex restart
@item restart
Not commented.

@meindex start
@item start
Answer the receiver.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSequence-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILSequence:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex shouldStart
@item shouldStart
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILSession
@section Iliad.ILSession
@clindex Iliad.ILSession

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Sessions
I represent a session in Iliad. 
    I persist as long as I am active (i.e. an user interacts with an application). 
    When I am inactive, 
    I expire after a timeout set by #expirySeconds.
    I also store actions and applications
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILSession-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-accessing others::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-accessing preferences::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-accessing timestamps::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-actions::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-cleaning::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-defaults::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-events::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-redirection::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-states::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSession-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILSession-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex applications
@item applications
Not commented.

@meindex dirtyWidgets
@item dirtyWidgets
Not commented.

@meindex encoding
@item encoding
Not commented.

@meindex id
@item id
Answer `id'.

@meindex id:@-
@item id:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex nextId
@item nextId
Not commented.

@meindex previousStateRegistry
@item previousStateRegistry
Not commented.

@meindex route
@item route
Not commented.

@meindex sessionManager
@item sessionManager
Not commented.

@meindex stateRegistry
@item stateRegistry
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-accessing others
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- accessing others

@table @b
@meindex otherAt:@-
@item otherAt:@- aKey
Not commented.

@meindex otherAt:@-ifAbsentPut:@-
@item otherAt:@- aKey ifAbsentPut:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex otherAt:@-put:@-
@item otherAt:@- aKey put:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex others
@item others
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-accessing preferences
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- accessing preferences

@table @b
@meindex charset
@item charset
Not commented.

@meindex charset:@-
@item charset:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex expirySeconds
@item expirySeconds
Not commented.

@meindex expirySeconds:@-
@item expirySeconds:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex language
@item language
Not commented.

@meindex language:@-
@item language:@- aSymbol
Not commented.

@meindex preferenceAt:@-
@item preferenceAt:@- aSymbol
Not commented.

@meindex preferenceAt:@-ifAbsentPut:@-
@item preferenceAt:@- aSymbol ifAbsentPut:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex preferenceAt:@-put:@-
@item preferenceAt:@- aSymbol put:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex preferences
@item preferences
Not commented.

@meindex refreshOnBacktrack
@item refreshOnBacktrack
Not commented.

@meindex refreshOnBacktrack:@-
@item refreshOnBacktrack:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex useCookies
@item useCookies
Not commented.

@meindex useCookies:@-
@item useCookies:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-accessing timestamps
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- accessing timestamps

@table @b
@meindex createdTimestamp
@item createdTimestamp
Not commented.

@meindex modifiedTimestamp
@item modifiedTimestamp
Not commented.

@meindex setCreatedTimestamp
@item setCreatedTimestamp
Not commented.

@meindex setModifiedTimestamp
@item setModifiedTimestamp
Not commented.

@meindex timestampAt:@-
@item timestampAt:@- aSymbol
Not commented.

@meindex timestampAt:@-ifAbsentPut:@-
@item timestampAt:@- aSymbol ifAbsentPut:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex timestampAt:@-put:@-
@item timestampAt:@- aSymbol put:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex timestamps
@item timestamps
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-actions
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- actions

@table @b
@meindex actionAt:@-
@item actionAt:@- aKeyString
Not commented.

@meindex actionFor:@-
@item actionFor:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex actionRegistry
@item actionRegistry
Not commented.

@meindex evaluateActionKey:@-
@item evaluateActionKey:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex registerAction:@-
@item registerAction:@- anAction
Not commented.

@meindex registerActionFor:@-
@item registerActionFor:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-cleaning
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- cleaning

@table @b
@meindex clearActionRegistry
@item clearActionRegistry
Not commented.

@meindex clearRedirectUrl
@item clearRedirectUrl
Not commented.

@meindex clearStateRegistries
@item clearStateRegistries
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex defaultExpirySeconds
@item defaultExpirySeconds
Answer `1800'.

@meindex defaultLanguage
@item defaultLanguage
Answer `'en''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-events
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- events

@table @b
@meindex onExpire
@item onExpire
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-redirection
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- redirection

@table @b
@meindex redirect
@item redirect
Not commented.

@meindex redirectTo:@-
@item redirectTo:@- anUrlString
Not commented.

@meindex redirectToIndex
@item redirectToIndex
Not commented.

@meindex redirectToLocal:@-
@item redirectToLocal:@- anUrlString
Not commented.

@meindex redirectUrl
@item redirectUrl
Answer `redirectUrl'.

@meindex redirectUrl:@-
@item redirectUrl:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-states
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- states

@table @b
@meindex newStateRegistry
@item newStateRegistry
Not commented.

@meindex stateRegistries
@item stateRegistries
Not commented.

@meindex stateRegistryAt:@-
@item stateRegistryAt:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSession-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILSession:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isExpired
@item isExpired
Not commented.

@meindex shouldUseSessionField
@item shouldUseSessionField
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILSessionManager
@section Iliad.ILSessionManager
@clindex Iliad.ILSessionManager

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Sessions
I am responsible for managing, creating and removing sessions.
The class method #current answers my only instance.

You shouldn't subclass me. 
Instead, you can change my preferences with methods in the 
<accessing preferences> protocol.

In addition, do not try to access the current session from here, 
use ILContext>>session instead.

-- maintenance --

To remove all sessions, even not expired ones, call #removeAllSessions.
To remove all expired sessions, call #removeExpiredSessions
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILSessionManager class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILSessionManager-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSessionManager-accessing preferences::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSessionManager-adding-removing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSessionManager-enumerating::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSessionManager-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILSessionManager-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILSessionManager class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILSessionManager class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex current
@item current
Not commented.

@meindex new
@item new
This method should not be called for instances of this class.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSessionManager-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILSessionManager:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex expiredSessions
@item expiredSessions
Not commented.

@meindex sessions
@item sessions
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSessionManager-accessing preferences
@subsection Iliad.ILSessionManager:@- accessing preferences

@table @b
@meindex cookieName
@item cookieName
Not commented.

@meindex cookieName:@-
@item cookieName:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex preferenceAt:@-
@item preferenceAt:@- aSymbol
Not commented.

@meindex preferenceAt:@-ifAbsentPut:@-
@item preferenceAt:@- aSymbol ifAbsentPut:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex preferenceAt:@-put:@-
@item preferenceAt:@- aSymbol put:@- anObject
Not commented.

@meindex preferences
@item preferences
Not commented.

@meindex sessionClass
@item sessionClass
Not commented.

@meindex sessionClass:@-
@item sessionClass:@- aSessionClass
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSessionManager-adding-removing
@subsection Iliad.ILSessionManager:@- adding-removing

@table @b
@meindex addSession:@-
@item addSession:@- aSession
Not commented.

@meindex removeSession:@-
@item removeSession:@- aSession
Not commented.

@meindex sessionFor:@-
@item sessionFor:@- aRequest
Answer the according session for <aRequest>.
the session id may be found from <aRequest> cookies or <aRequest> fields.
If no session is found, create and return a new one


@end table



@node Iliad.ILSessionManager-enumerating
@subsection Iliad.ILSessionManager:@- enumerating

@table @b
@meindex sessionsDo:@-
@item sessionsDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSessionManager-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILSessionManager:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILSessionManager-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILSessionManager:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex hasSession:@-
@item hasSession:@- aSession
Not commented.

@meindex shouldRemoveExpiredSessions
@item shouldRemoveExpiredSessions
Do not remove all expired sessions for each request


@end table

@node Iliad.ILSpanElement
@section Iliad.ILSpanElement
@clindex Iliad.ILSpanElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILSpanElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILSpanElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILSpanElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'span''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILStateRegistry
@section Iliad.ILStateRegistry
@clindex Iliad.ILStateRegistry

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Sessions

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILStateRegistry class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILStateRegistry-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILStateRegistry-states::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILStateRegistry-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILStateRegistry class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILStateRegistry class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex fromRegistry:@-
@item fromRegistry:@- aStateRegistry
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILStateRegistry-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILStateRegistry:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex key
@item key
Not commented.

@meindex setStates:@-
@item setStates:@- aDictionary
Not commented.

@meindex stateAt:@-
@item stateAt:@- aWidget
Not commented.

@meindex states
@item states
Not commented.

@meindex widgets
@item widgets
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILStateRegistry-states
@subsection Iliad.ILStateRegistry:@- states

@table @b
@meindex dirtyChildrenOf:@-
@item dirtyChildrenOf:@- aBuildable
Not commented.

@meindex dirtyWidgets
@item dirtyWidgets
Answer all widgets which state has changed


@meindex register:@-
@item register:@- aWidget
Not commented.

@meindex unregister:@-
@item unregister:@- aWidget
Not commented.

@meindex unregisterAllWidgets
@item unregisterAllWidgets
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILStateRegistry-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILStateRegistry:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex isWidgetDirty:@-
@item isWidgetDirty:@- aWidget
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableBodyElement
@section Iliad.ILTableBodyElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableBodyElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILTableElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableBodyElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableBodyElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTableBodyElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'tbody''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableCellElement
@section Iliad.ILTableCellElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableCellElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILTableElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableCellElement-accessing attributes-table::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableCellElement-accessing attributes-table
@subsection Iliad.ILTableCellElement:@- accessing attributes-table

@table @b
@meindex abbr:@-
@item abbr:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex axis:@-
@item axis:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex colScope
@item colScope
Not commented.

@meindex colgroupScope
@item colgroupScope
Not commented.

@meindex colspan:@-
@item colspan:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex headers:@-
@item headers:@- aCollection
Not commented.

@meindex rowScope
@item rowScope
Not commented.

@meindex rowgroupScope
@item rowgroupScope
Not commented.

@meindex rowspan:@-
@item rowspan:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex scope:@-
@item scope:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableDataElement
@section Iliad.ILTableDataElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableDataElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILTableCellElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableDataElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableDataElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTableDataElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'td''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableElement
@section Iliad.ILTableElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILTableElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTableElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'table''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILTableElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILTableElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex aboveFrame
@item aboveFrame
Not commented.

@meindex allRules
@item allRules
Not commented.

@meindex belowFrame
@item belowFrame
Not commented.

@meindex border:@-
@item border:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex borderFrame
@item borderFrame
Not commented.

@meindex boxFrame
@item boxFrame
Not commented.

@meindex cellpadding:@-
@item cellpadding:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex cellspacing:@-
@item cellspacing:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex colsRules
@item colsRules
Not commented.

@meindex frame:@-
@item frame:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex groupRules
@item groupRules
Not commented.

@meindex hsidesFrame
@item hsidesFrame
Not commented.

@meindex lhsFrame
@item lhsFrame
Not commented.

@meindex noRules
@item noRules
Not commented.

@meindex rhsFrame
@item rhsFrame
Not commented.

@meindex rowsRules
@item rowsRules
Not commented.

@meindex rules:@-
@item rules:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex summary:@-
@item summary:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex voidFrame
@item voidFrame
Not commented.

@meindex vsidesFrame
@item vsidesFrame
Not commented.

@meindex width:@-
@item width:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableElementElement
@section Iliad.ILTableElementElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableElementElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableElementElement-accessing attributes-table::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableElementElement-accessing attributes-table
@subsection Iliad.ILTableElementElement:@- accessing attributes-table

@table @b
@meindex align:@-
@item align:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex baselineValign
@item baselineValign
Not commented.

@meindex bottomValign
@item bottomValign
Not commented.

@meindex centerAlign
@item centerAlign
Not commented.

@meindex character:@-
@item character:@- aCharacter
Not commented.

@meindex characterAlign
@item characterAlign
Not commented.

@meindex charoff:@-
@item charoff:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex justifyAlign
@item justifyAlign
Not commented.

@meindex leftAlign
@item leftAlign
Not commented.

@meindex middleValign
@item middleValign
Not commented.

@meindex rightAlign
@item rightAlign
Not commented.

@meindex topValign
@item topValign
Not commented.

@meindex valign:@-
@item valign:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableFootElement
@section Iliad.ILTableFootElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableFootElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILTableElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableFootElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableFootElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTableFootElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'tfoot''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableHeadElement
@section Iliad.ILTableHeadElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableHeadElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILTableElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableHeadElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableHeadElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTableHeadElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'thead''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableHeaderElement
@section Iliad.ILTableHeaderElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableHeaderElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILTableCellElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableHeaderElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableHeaderElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTableHeaderElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'th''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTableRowElement
@section Iliad.ILTableRowElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTableRowElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILTableCellElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTableRowElement-accessing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTableRowElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTableRowElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'tr''.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTextAreaElement
@section Iliad.ILTextAreaElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTextAreaElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILFormElementElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTextAreaElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILTextAreaElement-accessing attributes::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTextAreaElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTextAreaElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'textarea''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILTextAreaElement-accessing attributes
@subsection Iliad.ILTextAreaElement:@- accessing attributes

@table @b
@meindex cols:@-
@item cols:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex rows:@-
@item rows:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@meindex tabindex:@-
@item tabindex:@- anInteger
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTextElement
@section Iliad.ILTextElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTextElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Elements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTextElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILTextElement-adding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILTextElement-printing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTextElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTextElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex contents
@item contents
Not commented.

@meindex contents:@-
@item contents:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `tag'.

@meindex tag:@-
@item tag:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILTextElement-adding
@subsection Iliad.ILTextElement:@- adding

@table @b
@meindex add:@-
@item add:@- anElement
Not commented.

@meindex text:@-
@item text:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILTextElement-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILTextElement:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printHtmlOn:@-
@item printHtmlOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILTitleElement
@section Iliad.ILTitleElement
@clindex Iliad.ILTitleElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-XHTMLElements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILTitleElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILTitleElement-accessing attributes-events::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILTitleElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILTitleElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `'title''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILTitleElement-accessing attributes-events
@subsection Iliad.ILTitleElement:@- accessing attributes-events

@table @b
@meindex onEvent:@-add:@-
@item onEvent:@- anEvent add:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILUrl
@section Iliad.ILUrl
@clindex Iliad.ILUrl

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Object
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-lib-HTTP
I represent all portions of an URL as described by the RFC 1738. 
I include scheme, username, password, hostname, port, path, parameters, and fragment.
    
    Portions of this code are based on code of Kazuki Yasumatsu and Paolo Bonzini.
    
Instance Variables
scheme:@-                 <String> or nil
username:@-               <String> or nil
password:@-               <String> or nil
hostname:@-               <String> or nil
port:@-                   <Integer> or nil
path:@-                  <OrderedCollection> or nil
parameters:@-          <Grease.GRSmallDictionary>
fragment:@-            <String> or nil
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILUrl class-decoding::  (class)
* Iliad.ILUrl class-instance creation::  (class)
* Iliad.ILUrl class-parsing::  (class)
* Iliad.ILUrl-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-adding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-basic::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-comparing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-converting::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-copying::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-encoding::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-parsing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-printing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrl-removing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILUrl class-decoding
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl class:@- decoding

@table @b
@meindex decodePercent:@-
@item decodePercent:@- aString
percent decodes the given String


@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl class-instance creation
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl class:@- instance creation

@table @b
@meindex new
@item new
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl class-parsing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl class:@- parsing

@table @b
@meindex absolute:@-
@item absolute:@- aString
Parse aString as an absolute URL.


@meindex absolute:@-relative:@-
@item absolute:@- aString relative:@- aRelativeString
Take absolute URL aString and combine it with a relative path aRelativeString.


@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex fragment
@item fragment
Answer the fragment part of the URL.


@meindex fragment:@-
@item fragment:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex hostname
@item hostname
Answer the host part of the URL.


@meindex hostname:@-
@item hostname:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex parameters
@item parameters
Not commented.

@meindex password
@item password
Answer the password part of the URL.


@meindex password:@-
@item password:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex path
@item path
Answer the path part of the URL.


@meindex path:@-
@item path:@- aCollection
Set the path part of the URL to aCollection.


@meindex port
@item port
Answer the port number part of the URL.


@meindex port:@-
@item port:@- aNumber
Not commented.

@meindex scheme
@item scheme
Answer the URL's scheme.


@meindex scheme:@-
@slindex greaseString
@slindex displayString
@item scheme:@- aString
we really expect a String here, Old versions (2.7) expected a Symbol you can still pass a Symbol and get away with it but don't expect this behavior to be supported in future versions.
#greaseString is the 'correct' way to convert a Symbol to a String since #displayString will add a hash on VW


@meindex username
@item username
Answer the username part of the URL.


@meindex username:@-
@item username:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-adding
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- adding

@table @b
@meindex addAllToPath:@-
@item addAllToPath:@- aCollectionOfStrings
convenice method to add a collection of strings to the path


@meindex addParameter:@-
@item addParameter:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex addParameter:@-value:@-
@item addParameter:@- keyString value:@- valueString
Not commented.

@meindex addToPath:@-
@item addToPath:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-basic
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- basic

@table @b
@meindex ,
@item , aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-comparing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- comparing

@table @b
@meindex =
@item = anUrl
Not commented.

@meindex hash
@item hash
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-converting
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- converting

@table @b
@meindex asString
@item asString
Not commented.

@meindex greaseString
@item greaseString
Not commented.

@meindex pathString
@item pathString
Answer the path converted to a string.


@meindex relativeTo:@-
@item relativeTo:@- anUrl
Answer a path element collection relative from the receiver to anUrl.


@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-copying
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- copying

@table @b
@meindex postCopy
@item postCopy
Not commented.

@meindex with:@-
@item with:@- pathString
Not commented.

@meindex withParameter:@-
@item withParameter:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex withParameter:@-value:@-
@item withParameter:@- aString value:@- valueString
Not commented.

@meindex withoutParameters
@item withoutParameters
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-encoding
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- encoding

@table @b
@meindex printFragmentOn:@-encoded:@-
@item printFragmentOn:@- aStream encoded:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex printOn:@-encoded:@-usingHtmlEntities:@-
@item printOn:@- aStream encoded:@- aBoolean usingHtmlEntities:@- anotherBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex printParametersOn:@-encoded:@-usingHtmlEntities:@-
@item printParametersOn:@- aStream encoded:@- aBoolean usingHtmlEntities:@- anotherBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex printPathOn:@-encoded:@-
@item printPathOn:@- aStream encoded:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@meindex printServerOn:@-encoded:@-
@item printServerOn:@- aStream encoded:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@meindex initializeFromString:@-
@item initializeFromString:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-parsing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- parsing

@table @b
@meindex parseFragment:@-
@item parseFragment:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex parseHost:@-
@item parseHost:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex parseParameters:@-
@item parseParameters:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex parsePath:@-
@item parsePath:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printEncodedOn:@-
@item printEncodedOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex printOn:@-
@item printOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@meindex printOn:@-encoded:@-
@item printOn:@- aStream encoded:@- aBoolean
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrl-removing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrl:@- removing

@table @b
@meindex removeParameter:@-
@item removeParameter:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILUrlBuilder
@section Iliad.ILUrlBuilder
@clindex Iliad.ILUrlBuilder

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILObject
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Sessions

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILUrlBuilder class-accessing::  (class)
* Iliad.ILUrlBuilder class-defaults::  (class)
* Iliad.ILUrlBuilder-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrlBuilder-generating::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILUrlBuilder-testing::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILUrlBuilder class-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrlBuilder class:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex actionKey
@item actionKey
Not commented.

@meindex addRewriteRule:@-
@item addRewriteRule:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex ajaxUploadKey
@item ajaxUploadKey
Not commented.

@meindex hashKey
@item hashKey
Not commented.

@meindex rewriteRules
@item rewriteRules
Rewrite rules are used to replace patterns in the baseUrl


@meindex sessionKey
@item sessionKey
Not commented.

@meindex stateKey
@item stateKey
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrlBuilder class-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILUrlBuilder class:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex defaultActionKey
@item defaultActionKey
Answer `'_action''.

@meindex defaultAjaxUploadKey
@item defaultAjaxUploadKey
Answer `'_ajax_upload''.

@meindex defaultHashKey
@item defaultHashKey
Answer `'_hash''.

@meindex defaultSessionKey
@item defaultSessionKey
Answer `'_session''.

@meindex defaultStateKey
@item defaultStateKey
Answer `'_state''.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrlBuilder-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrlBuilder:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex actionKey
@item actionKey
Not commented.

@meindex hashKey
@item hashKey
Not commented.

@meindex rewriteRules
@item rewriteRules
Not commented.

@meindex sessionKey
@item sessionKey
Not commented.

@meindex stateKey
@item stateKey
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrlBuilder-generating
@subsection Iliad.ILUrlBuilder:@- generating

@table @b
@meindex addDefaultParametersTo:@-
@item addDefaultParametersTo:@- anUrl
Not commented.

@meindex applyRewriteRulesTo:@-
@item applyRewriteRulesTo:@- anUrl
Not commented.

@meindex baseUrl
@item baseUrl
Not commented.

@meindex urlFor:@-
@item urlFor:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex urlForAction:@-
@item urlForAction:@- anAction
Not commented.

@meindex urlForAction:@-hash:@-
@item urlForAction:@- anAction hash:@- aHashString
Not commented.

@meindex urlForActionKey:@-hash:@-
@item urlForActionKey:@- aKeyString hash:@- aHashString
Not commented.

@meindex urlForRedirection:@-
@item urlForRedirection:@- aString
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILUrlBuilder-testing
@subsection Iliad.ILUrlBuilder:@- testing

@table @b
@meindex shouldUseSessionField
@item shouldUseSessionField
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILWidget
@section Iliad.ILWidget
@clindex Iliad.ILWidget

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILBuildable
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Buildables
I am a stateful graphical component. 


""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
" Building HTML with widgets "
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

To build HTML override the #contents method, which should always 
return a view block, ie, a block which takes an element as parameter.

Example:@- 

contents 
    ^[:@-e || div |
        div := e div class:@- 'foo'.
        div h1:@- 'Bar'.
        div a
            text:@- 'do something';
            action:@- [self doSomething]]


See Iliad.ILElement hierarchy (Especially Iliad.ILHTMLBuilderElement ) for more information 
about building HTML with elements.

#contents method should *never* be called from the outside. Use #build instead. 
For instance, to build a sub-widget in a view block, you should write something like:@-

contents [
    ^[:@-e | e build:@- mySubWidget]
]


""""""""""""""""
" Control flow "
""""""""""""""""

I can show (display instead of me) other widgets with #show* methods or answer 
to widgets that called me with #answer. 

When using the javascript layer, call #markDirty whenever my state change,
so I will be updated on AJAX requests.

Widgets which states depend on me can be automatically rebuilt whenever I am
marked as dirty (see #addDependentWidget:@-).


""""""""""""""
" Decorators "
""""""""""""""

I can also have decorators that may modify my behavior. A decorator can be 
added to the decoration chain with #decorateWith:@-.
@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILWidget-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILWidget-building::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILWidget-control flow::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILWidget-copying::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILWidget-decorators::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILWidget-defaults::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILWidget-initialization::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILWidget-printing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILWidget-states::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILWidget-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex dependentWidgets
@item dependentWidgets
Not commented.

@meindex id
@item id
Not commented.

@meindex id:@-
@item id:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex owner
@item owner
Answer the widget which shows me. if any


@meindex owner:@-
@item owner:@- aWidget
Not commented.

@meindex state
@item state
Not commented.

@meindex stateRegistry
@item stateRegistry
Not commented.

@meindex widget
@item widget
Answer the receiver.

@meindex widgetFor:@-
@item widgetFor:@- aBuildable
Convenience method. This is useful for building anonymous widgets.
ex:@- myWidget := self widgetFor:@- [:@-e | e h1:@- 'Hello world!']


@end table



@node Iliad.ILWidget-building
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- building

@table @b
@meindex buildContents
@slindex contents
@item buildContents
Do *not* override this method. Use #contents instead


@meindex buildHead:@-
@item buildHead:@- aHead
Not commented.

@meindex contents
@item contents
Override this method to add contents to your widget


@meindex fullContents
@slindex contents
@item fullContents
Do *not* override this method. Use #contents instead


@meindex scripts
@item scripts
Answer a collection of strings.
Override in subclasses to add scripts to load with the widget


@meindex styles
@item styles
Answer a collection of strings.
Override in subclasses to add styles to load with the widget


@end table



@node Iliad.ILWidget-control flow
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- control flow

@table @b
@meindex addDependentWidget:@-
@item addDependentWidget:@- aWidget
Add <aWidget> to my dependent widgets.
Each dependent widget will be rebuilt on AJAX requests whenever
I am rebuilt


@meindex answer
@item answer
Give the control back to the owner, i.e, the widget which showed the receiver.
Answer self


@meindex answer:@-
@item answer:@- anAnswer
Give the control back to the owner, i.e, the widget which showed the receiver.
Answer <anAnswer>


@meindex append:@-
@item append:@- aWidget
Insert <aWidget> after the receiver


@meindex append:@-onAnswer:@-
@item append:@- aWidget onAnswer:@- aBlock
Insert <aWidget> after the receiver


@meindex confirm:@-ifTrue:@-
@item confirm:@- aString ifTrue:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex confirm:@-ifTrue:@-ifFalse:@-
@item confirm:@- aString ifTrue:@- aBlock ifFalse:@- anotherBlock
Not commented.

@meindex handleAnswer:@-
@item handleAnswer:@- anAnswer
Answer `nil'.

@meindex inform:@-
@item inform:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex prepend:@-
@item prepend:@- aWidget
Insert <aWidget> before the receiver


@meindex prepend:@-onAnswer:@-
@item prepend:@- aWidget onAnswer:@- aBlock
Insert <aWidget> before the receiver


@meindex removeDependentWidget:@-
@item removeDependentWidget:@- aWidget
Not commented.

@meindex retrieveControl
@item retrieveControl
Give the control back to the receiver, and make any showed widget answer nil


@meindex show:@-
@item show:@- aWidget
Show another widget instead of the receiver.
The receiver is also implicitely marked dirty


@meindex show:@-onAnswer:@-
@item show:@- aWidget onAnswer:@- aBlock
Show another widget instead of the receiver and catch the answer in <aBlock>.
The receiver is also implicitely marked dirty


@meindex show:@-onAnswer:@-delegator:@-
@item show:@- aWidget onAnswer:@- aBlock delegator:@- aDelegator
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILWidget-copying
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- copying

@table @b
@meindex postCopy
@item postCopy
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILWidget-decorators
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- decorators

@table @b
@meindex decorateWith:@-
@item decorateWith:@- aDecorator
Not commented.

@meindex decorateWith:@-during:@-
@item decorateWith:@- aDecorator during:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex decoratorsDo:@-
@item decoratorsDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@meindex removeDecorator:@-
@item removeDecorator:@- aDecorator
Remove <aDecorator> from the decoration chain,
except if <aDecorator> is the initial one


@meindex withDecoratorsDo:@-
@item withDecoratorsDo:@- aBlock
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILWidget-defaults
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- defaults

@table @b
@meindex rootElementClass
@item rootElementClass
Answer `ILDivElement'.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILWidget-initialization
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- initialization

@table @b
@meindex initialize
@item initialize
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILWidget-printing
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- printing

@table @b
@meindex printJsonOn:@-
@item printJsonOn:@- aStream
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILWidget-states
@subsection Iliad.ILWidget:@- states

@table @b
@meindex markDirty
@item markDirty
Mark the receiver as 'dirty', 
so the widget will be rebuilt on Ajax requests.
You do not need to mark subwidgets as dirty, 
they will be rebuilt together with the receiver


@meindex registerState
@item registerState
Not commented.

@end table

@node Iliad.ILXmlElement
@section Iliad.ILXmlElement
@clindex Iliad.ILXmlElement

@table @b
@item Defined in namespace Iliad
@itemx Superclass: Iliad.ILElement
@itemx Category: Iliad-Core-Elements

@end table

@menu
* Iliad.ILXmlElement-accessing::  (instance)
* Iliad.ILXmlElement-converting::  (instance)
@end menu



@node Iliad.ILXmlElement-accessing
@subsection Iliad.ILXmlElement:@- accessing

@table @b
@meindex contentType
@item contentType
Not commented.

@meindex tag
@item tag
Answer `tag'.

@meindex tag:@-
@item tag:@- aString
Not commented.

@meindex xmlTag
@item xmlTag
Not commented.

@end table



@node Iliad.ILXmlElement-converting
@subsection Iliad.ILXmlElement:@- converting

@table @b
@meindex respondOn:@-
@item respondOn:@- aResponse
Not commented.

@end table

