@node Downloading and installing Iliad
@chapter Downloading and installing Iliad

@menu
* Installing on GNU Smalltalk::
* Installing on Pharo Smalltalk::
* Loading and starting Iliad::
@end menu

Iliad is currently available for GNU Smalltalk, Squeak and Pharo. In this chapter you will find detailed installation instructions for each supported Smalltalk dialect.

@node Installing on GNU Smalltalk
@section Installing on GNU Smalltalk
@cindex gnu smalltalk
@cindex gst

@unnumberedsubsec @code{gst-package}

With @dfn{GNU Smalltalk} 3.2 or newer, @code{gst-package} can be used to download and install Iliad.

@example
~$ gst-package --download grease -t ~/.st
~$ gst-package --download iliad -t ~/.st
@end example

@unnumberedsubsec Git

You can download Iliad by cloning the @dfn{Git} repository.

@example
~$ git clone http://github.com/NicolasPetton/Grease.git
~$ cd Grease
~$ gst-package -t ~/.st ./package.xml
@end example

@example
~$ git clone git://github.com/NicolasPetton/iliad-stable.git
~$ cd iliad-stable
~$ ./scripts/make_packages
@end example

@node Installing on Pharo Smalltalk
@section Installing on Pharo Smalltalk
@cindex pharo
@cindex squeak

@unnumberedsubsec Using Metacello
@cindex metacello

Download @code{ConfigurationOfIliad} package from the Metacello repository from squeaksource :

@example
MCHttpRepository
	location: 'http://www.squeaksource.com/MetacelloRepository'
	user: ''
	password: ''
@end example

Open a workspace and @dfn{do-it}:

@example
ConfigurationOfIliad load
@end example

@unnumberedsubsec Manually
@cindex squeaksource

Load @uref{http://www.squeaksource.com/Swazoo, Swazoo 2.2} and @uref{http://www.squeaksource.com/Seaside30, Grease} from SqueakSource. Load packages from the @uref{http://www.squeaksource.com/iliad, SqueakSource repository} in the following order:

@itemize
@item Iliad-Core
@item Iliad-Swazoo
@item Iliad-More-UI
@item Iliad-More-Rss
@item Iliad-More-Formula
@item Iliad-More-Comet
@item Iliad-More-Examples
@item Iliad-More-Tests
@end itemize

@node Loading and starting Iliad
@section Loading and starting Iliad

Iliad is webserver agnostic. However, only one server adapter for @uref{http://www.swazoo.org, Swazoo} has been written so far.
This adapter is available for Pharo Smalltalk and GNU Smalltalk.

@subsection GNU Smalltalk

@unnumberedsubsubsec The start script
The git repository of Iliad includes a @code{start} script, which will create an image with all required packages loaded and start Iliad with gst-remote.

@example
~$ ./scripts/start -p PORT
@end example

@unnumberedsubsubsec gst's REPL

You can load Iliad packages into a GNU Smalltalk image with the PackageLoader.
When using gst's REPL, you will have to suspend the active process to make Swazoo listen to a given port:

@example
st> PackageLoader fileInPackage: 'Iliad'
st> Iliad.SwazooIliad startOn: 8888
st> processor activeProcess suspend
@end example

@unnumberedsubsubsec With gst-remote

You can create a bash script and use it to load the desired packages and start iliad:

@example
#!/bin/bash

# load packages into a new image named iliad.im
echo "PackageLoader fileInPackage: 'Iliad'. ObjectMemory snapshot: 'iliad.im'" | gst

# start gst-remote with the image
gst-remote --server -I iliad.im &
sleep 2

# start Swazoo on port 8888
gst-remote --eval "Iliad.SwazooIliad startOn: 8888"
@end example

@subsection Pharo Smalltalk

To start Swazoo with the Iliad adapter, @dfn{do-it}:

@example
SwazooIliad startOn: 8888
@end example

