@node Elements
@chapter Elements

@cindex element
@cindex building HTML
@cindex HTML

@menu
* The ILHTMLBuilderELement object::
@end menu

Elements are low-level stateless objects composed in a tree to build valid (X)HTML. For each element class there is a corresponding HTML tag.
This means you will never have to worry about writing valid HTML yourself, but instead use the element API to build HTML in Smalltalk.

@sp 1
@code{#contents} methods of widgets or @dfn{controller methods} of applications are called by Iliad to build HTML using elements.


@node The ILHTMLBuilderELement object
@section The @code{ILHTMLBuilderELement} object

@code{ILHTMLBuilderELement} is the root class of the HTML element hierarchy. It has convenience methods for adding other HTML elements, and manipulate HTML attributes. These convenience methods follow HTML tag and attribute names. You can browse them in the @code{adding-convenience} protocol.

@unnumberedsubsec Composing the element tree

The API provides the @code{#add:} method for adding a child to an element. Convenience methods use this method to compose the tree of elements.

@example
p [
	<category: 'adding-conveniance'>
	^self add: ILParagraphElement new
]
@end example

The following example

@example
e p: 'Hello world'.
e a
    href: 'http://www.iliadproject.org';
    text: 'Iliad website'.
@end example

Will produce the HTML:

@example
<p>Hello world</p>
<a href='http://www.iliadproject.org'>Iliad website</a>
@end example

@c TODO

@c The building protocol
@c Actions
@c attributes
@c DOM events
