\input texinfo @c -*- texinfo -*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename iliad.texi
@settitle Iliad developer's guide
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header

@copying
@quotation
The contents of this documentation are protected under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license.

You are free:
@itemize @bullet
@item
to Share — to copy, distribute and transmit the work
@item
to Remix — to adapt the work
@end itemize

Under the following conditions:
@itemize @bullet
@item
Attribution. You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor (but
not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).
@item
Share Alike. If you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting
work only under the same, similar or a compatible license.
@end itemize

@itemize
@item
For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work.
The best way to do this is with a link to this web page: creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
@item
Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get permission from the copyright
holder.
@item
Nothing in this license impairs or restricts the author’s moral rights.
@end itemize

@end quotation
@end copying

@c Title page

@titlepage
@title Iliad developer's guide
@subtitle Version 0.9.1
@subtitle @today{}
@author Nicolas Petton

@c Insert copying
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Table of contents

@contents

@c Menu

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Iliad developer's guide
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction:: 			
* Downloading and installing Iliad:: 	How to get Iliad for your favorite Smalltalk dialect.
* Short tutorial:: 			
* Elements:: 			
* Applications:: 			
* Widgets:: 			
* Routes and urls:: 			
* The Javascript layer::
* Serving static files::
* Managing sessions:: 			
* RSS:: 			
* Formula:: 			
* Deploying Iliad applications:: 			
* Iliad class library reference:: 	
* Index:: 				
@end menu

@c include files

@include introduction.texi
@include downloadAndInstall.texi
@include tutorial.texi
@include elements.texi
@include applications.texi
@include widgets.texi
@include routesAndUrls.texi
@include javascript.texi
@include staticFiles.texi
@include sessions.texi
@include rss.texi
@include formula.texi
@include deployment.texi

@node Iliad class library reference
@chapter Iliad class library reference
@include classes.texi

@c end of file

@node Index
@unnumbered Index
@printindex cp

@bye
